Welcome  To  E-Cookbooks! 


VJJE  Publishing  Co. 


Welcome  To  E-Cookbooks! 

Table  of  Contents 


Introduction:  1 

>  For  Optimal  Viewing:  2 

Angelica  Liqueur.  3 

A&W  Onion  Rings.  4 

Black  Eyed  Pea  Cornbread  5 

Boston  Baked  Beans.  6 

Cake  Donuts  7 

Cheese  Danish.  8 

Cheez-Whiz.  9 

Chili's  Black  Bean  Soup  10 

Chili  Sauce.  11 

Chocolate  Lasagna  12 

Chocolate  Fried  Pies  13 

Chocolate  Popcorn  14 

Cincinnati  Chili  15 

Coca-Cola  Cake.  16 

Creme  de  Menthe.  17 

Death  By  Chocolate  Honey  Almond  Crunch.  18 

Per  Weinerschnitzel's  Chili  Sauce  19 

Ebingers  Blackout  Cake  20 

Emeril's  Essences  22 

Emeril's  Easy  Enchilada  Sauce.  24 

Emeril's  Mole  Sauce  25 

Fall  Sweet  Onion  Saute.  26 


Welcome  To  E-Cookbooks! 

Table  of  Contents 


Flavored  Butters.  27 

Garlic  Knots  29 

Homemade  Sour  Cream  30 

Homemade  Spice  Blends  31 

Hot  Butterscotch  Sauce  33 

Hot  Pepper  Fudge  34 

Jack  Daniel's  Marinade.  35 

Lady  Fingers.  36 

Lemon  Tea  Slush.  37 

Licorice  Drops  38 

Lawrv's  Taco  Seasoning.  39 

Grandma's  Moonshine  Grape  Wine  40 

Morning  Glory  Muffins.  41 

O'Charlev's  Baked  Potato  Soup  42 

Olive  Garden  Sangria.  43 

Olive  Garden  Toasted  Ravioli.  44 

Orange  Julius  45 

Parmesan  Peppercorn  Dressing.  46 

Pickled  Peppers  47 

Sara  Lee  Crumb  Cake  48 

Spiced  Nuts  49 

Sun  Tea  50 

Tavern  on  the  Green's  Meatloaf  5 1 

Tiger  Sauce  52 


ii 


Welcome  To  E-Cookbooks! 

Table  of  Contents 


Turtle  Cheesecake  53 

White  Fruit  Cake  54 

Wonder  Bread  55 

Worcestershire  Sauce  56 


iii 


The  VJJE  Recipe  Weekly  Archives  2000 
Potpourri  Recipes 


www.e-cookbooks.net 


This  e-cookbook  may  be  distributed  freely: 
Pass  It  Along  To  A  Friend! 

(attach  it  in  your  next  email!) 

Thank  you  very  much  for  your  interest  in  our  recipes.  If  you 
have  any  questions  or  comments,  please  email: 
support(a>e-cookbooks.net 


FREE  Recipes  By  Email: 
Subscribe  to  the  VJJE  Recipe  Weekly 


Introduction: 


1 


>  For  Optimal  Viewing 


To  utilize  this  e-cookbook  efficiently,  we  suggest  the  following: 
•  Click  "View"  at  the  top  of  the  toolbar.  There  should  only  be  two  items 


•  Click  "Actual  Size"  if  anything  in  the  top  section  is  checked  (if  the  setting  is 
right  there  will  be  nothing  checked). 

•  Make  sure  "Continuous"  is  checked. 

•  Make  Sure  "Bookmarks  and  Page"  is  checked. 

•  Browse  through  the  recipes.  To  print,  click  "File"  then  "Print". 


checked. 


Discover  Our  Private  Library  Of  Electronic  Books: 


C  The  VJJE-Book  Library 
electronic-book-library.com 


>  For  Optimal  Viewing: 


2 


Angelica  Liqueur 


1  teaspoon  dried  marjoram 

2  green  cardamoms 

7  1/16  teaspoons  ground  allspice 
1/16  teaspoon  ground  star  anise 
1/16  teaspoon  ground  cinnamon 
1/16  teaspoon  ground  coriander 
1/2  apricot  kernel 
2  fl  oz.  vodka 

1/2  cup  sugar  syrup  (recipe  follows) 

1  cup  vodka 

2  tablespoons  fresh  or  dried  angelica  root 
2  fl  oz.  vodka 

In  a  mortar  grind  the  cardamom  seeds  and  half  an  apricot  seed.  Mix 
with  other  spices  (except  angelica  root)  and  place  in  a  tight  glass 
jar  or  bottle  and  add  2  fl  oz.  vodka.  After  one  week  filter  through 
a  coffee  filter.  Combine  with  sugar  syrup  and  1  cup  vodka. 

In  a  separate  small  glass  jar  combine  the  angelica  root  with  2  fl  oz. 
vodka.  After  two  weeks  filter  through  a  coffee  filter. 

Add  small  portions  of  the  angelica  root  extract  to  the  liqueur  until 
you  get  a  suitable  flavour.  Check  the  flavor  after  2  months.  If 
necessary,  add  some  more  sugar  syrup,  vodka,  or  angelica  extract. 

Sugar  syrup: 

For  herbal  liqueurs  it  is  best  to  use  a  sugar  syrup  which  is  made  as 
follows:  In  a  saucepan  combine  1  pound  sugar,  1  cup  water  and 
1/4  teaspoon  citric  acid.  Heat  the  mixture  and  stir  until  the  sugar 
is  dissolved.  Allow  to  simmer  on  reduced  heat  for  1 5  minutes. 


Angelica  Liqueur 


3 


A&W  Onion  Rings 


1  cup  McCormick  Golden  Dipt  Tempura  batter  mix 

1/4  teaspoon  onion  powder 

1/8  teaspoon  ground  black  pepper 

1/2  cup  water 

1/4  cup  beer 

1  extra  large  white  onion,  sliced  3/8"  thick 
6  cups  vegetable  oil  in  your  deep  fryer 

Preheat  the  deep  fryer  to  375F 

Combine  the  tempura  mix  with  the  spices  and  liquid  to  make  a 
batter  using  a  fork.  There  will  be  some  small  lumps;  don't  worry 
about  those. 

Slice  the  onion,  and  separate  all  of  the  rings. 
Dip  the  individual  rings  in  the  batter,  and  drop  into  the 
preheated  oil.  Deep  fry  3-5  minutes  until  golden  brown.  Remove 
to  a  paper  towel  lined  plate,  salt  lightly,  and  serve  hot. 


A&W  Onion  Rings 


4 


Black  Eyed  Pea  Cornbread 


1  lb.  ground  beef 

1  cup  canned  black-eyed  peas,  drained 
1  cup  onion,  chopped 
3/4  cup  cream-style  corn 
1  cupcornmeal 
1/2  cup  flour 

1  cup  buttermilk 
1/4  cup  cooking  oil 

2  eggs,  slightly  beaten 

1  tsp.  Salt 

1/2  tsp.  Baking  soda 

2  jalapeno  peppers,  chopped 

1  cup  Cheddar  cheese,  grated 

Brown  meat  and  drain  well.  Break  into  small  pieces.  Add  other 
ingredients  in  order  given.  Mix  well. 

Place  in  13-by-9-by-2  inch  pan  that  has  been  well  greased.  Cook 
at  350  degrees  for  45  minutes,  or  until  done. 


Black  Eyed  Pea  Cornbread 


5 


Boston  Baked  Beans 


2  pounds  dry  beans,  California  pea  beans  preferred 

or  York  State  beans 
1  teaspoon  baking  soda 
1  pound  salt  pork 

1  medium-size  onion 
8  tablespoons  sugar 
2/3  cup  molasses 

2  teaspoons  dry  mustard 
4  teaspoons  salt 

1/2  teaspoon  pepper 

Soak  beans  overnight.  In  morning,  parboil  them  for  ten  minutes  with  a 
teaspoon  of  baking  soda.  Then  run  cold  water  through  the  beans  in  a 
colander  or  strainer.  Dice  rind  of  salt  port  in  one  half  inch  squares. 
Put  half  on  bottom  of  bean  pot  with  the  whole  peeled  onion.  Add  beans, 
and  then  the  rest  of  the  pork  on  top.  Mix  other  ingredients  with  hot 
water.  Pour  over  beans.  Put  in  300F  oven  for  six  hours. 
You  can't  let  the  pot  just  set  in  the  oven.  You've  got  to  add  water  as 
necessary  to  keep  the  beans  moist.  And  you  can't  be  impatient  and  add  too 
much  water  at  a  time  and  flood  the  beans. 


Boston  Baked  Beans 


6 


Cake  Donuts 


1-1/2  cups  sugar 

3  Tblsp.  melted  shortening 

3  large  eggs 

1  cup  milk 

1  tsp.  vanilla  extract 

5  tsp.  baking  powder 

1  tsp.  salt 

2  tsp.  nutmeg 

2  cups  mashed  potatoes,  cooled 

3  to  3-1/2  cups  flour 

Beat  eggs;  add  sugar,  shortening  and  vanilla.  Add  mashed  potatoes 
and  milk  and  beat  with  electric  mixer  until  smooth.  Add  flour,  baking 
powder,  salt  and  nutmeg.  Stir  in  additional  flour  to  reach  batter 
consistency  (this  is  "by  look  and  feel" —  It  should  still  be  somewhat 
sticky. ..it  will  pick  up  more  flour  when  you  roll  out  the  dough  on  a 
floured  surface).  Chill  the  dough  for  several  hours  or  overnight. 
Take  a  portion  of  the  dough  and  rough  out  to  about  3/8  to  1/2  inch 
thickness,  using  flour  as  needed  to  prevent  your  rolling  pin  picking 
up  dough.  Use  a  donut  cutter  and  cut  out  your  donuts.  Preheat  oil  in 
deep  fryer  to  375F  (use  a  thermometer  if  you're  using  a  fry  daddy!). 
Fry  3-4  donuts  at  a  time  —  turning  when  they  are  a  nice  golden  brown. 
Drain  on  brown  paper  bags  to  remove  excess  grease. 


Cake  Donuts 


7 


Cheese  Danish 


16  ozs.  cream  cheese,  softened 
1  1/2  teaspoons  vanilla 

1  egg,  beaten 
1/2  cup  sugar 

1/2  cup  raspberry  or  apricot  jam 

2  packages  of  refrigerated  crescent  roll  dough 
4  ozs.  sliced  almonds 

Preheat  oven  to  350F.  Mix  cream  cheese,  vanilla,  and  sugar  in  a  bowl. 
Unroll  1  can  crescent  roll  dough  on  a  cookie  sheet,  sealing  perforations. 
Spread  cream  cheese  filling  on  dough,  leaving  1/4  inch  edges.  Top  with 
jam.  Unroll  second  can  of  dough  and  lay  on  top  of  first  layer.  Seal 
edges  with  edge  of  fork.  Brush  with  beaten  egg.  Sprinkle  with  sliced 
almonds.  Bake  for  30  minutes.  Allow  to  cool  slightly  before  cutting. 


Cheese  Danish 


8 


Cheez-Whiz 


1  lb.  Cheddar  cheese 

2  cups  evaporated  milk 
1  1/2  tsp  salt 

1  1/2  tsp.  dry  mustard 

2  beaten  eggs 

Cut  cheese  into  small  pieces  and  melt  in  double  boiler.  When  melted, 
add  evaporated  milk,  salt  and  mustard.  Remove  from  heat  and  stir  in 
eggs.  Return  to  double  boiler  and  stir  and  cook  until  eggs  thicken 
sightly.  Remove  from  heat.  Pour  into  a  dish  and  cool  slowly.  Stir  as 
it  cools  to  prevent  a  crust  from  forming.  (Might  just  be  able  to 
cover  with  plastic  wrap,  too.)  Put  in  jars,  cover  and  store  in 
refrigerator.  Keeps  several  weeks. 


Cheez-Whiz 


9 


Chili's  Black  Bean  Soup 


1/4  cup  Olive  Oil 

1/4  cup  Yellow  Onion,  Diced 

1/4  cup  Carrots,  Diced 

1/4  cup  Green  Bell  Pepper,  Diced 

4  Beef  Bouillon  Cubes 

1  cup  Boiling  Water 

1  1/2  quarts  (3  pounds)  Canned  Black  Beans,  Not  Drained 

2  tablespoons  Cooking  Sherry 

1  tablespoon  Distilled  White  Vinegar 

2  tablespoons  Worcestershire  Sauce 

1  tablespoon  Sugar 

2  teaspoons  Garlic,  Granulated 
2  teaspoons  Salt 

1/2  teaspoon  Black  Pepper,  Ground 

2  teaspoons  Chili  Powder 

8  oz.  Smoked  Sausage,  small  dice 

1  tablespoon  Cornstarch 

2  tablespoons  Water 

In  a  medium  stock  pot,  place  the  olive  oil,  onion,  carrot,  and  bell 
pepper.  Saute  the  vegetables  until  they  are  tender.  Bring  1  cup  of 
water  to  a  boil,  add  the  bouillon  cubes,  and  allow  to  dissolve.  Add 
the  bouillon,  cooked  beans,  and  the  remaining  ingredients  (except 
cornstarch  and  2  tablespoon  water)  to  sauteed  vegetables.  Bring 
mixture  to  a  simmer  and  cook  approximately  1 5  minutes.  In  a  blender, 
puree  1  quart  of  the  soup,  and  put  back  into  the  pot.  In  a  separate 
bowl,  combine  the  cornstarch  and  2  tablespoons  water.  Add  the 
cornstarch  mix  to  the  soup  and  bring  to  a  boil  for  1  minute. 
Serve  with  cornbread,  white  rice,  or  your  favorite  side  dish. 


Chili's  Black  Bean  Soup 


10 


Chili  Sauce 


1  peck  tomatoes 
6  medium  onions 

3  green  sweet  peppers 

2  cups  vinegar 

2  tablespoons  salt 

2  teaspoons  cinnamon 

1  teaspoon  celery  salt 

3  teaspoons  red  pepper,  more  or  less  to  taste 

2  cups  sugar 

Peel  tomatoes.  Put  tomatoes,  onions,  and  green  peppers 
through  food  chopper  or  blender.  Add  vinegar,  salt, 
cinnamon,  celery  salt,  and  red  pepper.  Cook  until  mixture 
cooks  down,  simmering  on  low  for  several  hours.  When  nearly 
done,  add  sugar  and  cook  another  30  minutes.  Prepare  jars 
and  can  sauce  while  it's  hot.  Makes  7  to  8  pints. 


Chili  Sauce 


11 


Chocolate  Lasagna 


Pasta: 
1-3/4  cups  flour 

2  tablespoons  unsweetened  cocoa  powder 

a  pinch  of  salt 

2  extra  large  eggs 

2  teaspoons  vegetable  oil 

Filling: 

4  cups  Whole  Milk  Ricotta  Cheese 
2  cups  heavy  cream 
6  tablespoons  sugar 

1  tablespoons  orange  zest 

2  tablespoons  Grand  Marnier 
a  pinch  of  salt 

12  ounces  bittersweet  chocolate,  chopped 

Combine  the  flour,  cocoa,  and  salt  in  a  bowl  and  make  a  well  in  the 
center.  Add  the  eggs  and  oil  in  the  center  of  the  well  and  mix  with 
a  fork  to  form  the  dough.  Knead  the  dough  for  1 5  minutes  until  it  is 
smooth  and  shiny,  adding  more  flour  if  necessary  to  keep  the  dough 
from  sticking.  Wrap  in  plastic  wrap  and  let  rest  for  half  an  hour. 
Roll  the  pasta  out  by  hand  or  with  a  machine  and  cut  into  eight 
4-1/2  x  1 1 -inch  strips.  Cook  two  strips  at  a  time  in  boiling  salted 
water.  Cook  just  20  seconds  after  the  water  returns  to  a  boil.  Plunge 
the  noodles  into  cold  water  to  stop  the  cooking.  When  cooled,  place 
on  towels  in  a  single  layer  to  drain. 
Combine  all  filling  ingredients  and  mix  until  smooth. 
To  assemble:  Preheat  oven  to  425F  with  the  rack  in  the  upper  third 
of  the  oven.  Generously  butter  an  8"x1 1"x2"  pan.  Alternate  layers  of 
noodles,  cheese  filling,  and  chocolate,  ending  with  a  cheese  layer. 
Bake  for  20-25  minutes  until  the  top  is  lightly  colored.  Let  the 
lasagna  stand  for  10  minutes  to  solidify,  then  serve  warm. 


Chocolate  Lasagna 


12 


Chocolate  Fried  Pies 


1/2  cup  sugar 

1/4  cup  all-purpose  flour 

1  tablespoon  unsweetened  cocoa  powder 
1/2  cup  milk 

2  tablespoons  butter  or  margarine 
1/2  teaspoon  vanilla 

2  cups  packaged  biscuit  mix 
1/2  cup  milk 

Cooking  oil  for  shallow-fat  frying 
sifted  powdered  sugar 

For  the  filling,  in  a  saucepan  combine  sugar,  flour,  and  unsweetened 
cocoa  powder.  Stir  in  1/2  cup  milk  and  butter  or  margarine.  Cook  and 
stir  over  medium  heat  till  the  mixture  is  thickened  and  bubbly.  Cook 
and  stir  1  minute  more.  Stir  in  vanilla.  Cool. 

For  the  dough,  in  a  mixing  bowl  stir  together  the  biscuit  mix  and 
1/2  cup  milk.  On  a  well-floured  surface  knead  the  dough  12  strokes. 
Roll  the  dough  to  slightly  less  than  1/8-inch  thickness.  Cut  dough 
into  twelve  4-inch  circles.  Reroll  as  necessary.  Place  about 
1  tablespoon  filling  in  the  center  of  each  circle  of  dough.  Brush  the 
edge  of  the  dough  with  water.  Fold  the  dough  over  the  filling;  press 
the  edges  together  with  tines  of  a  fork  to  seal.  In  a  skillet  heat 
1  inch  cooking  oil  to  375  .  Fry  the  pastries,  several  at  a  time, 
about  2  minutes  or  until  golden,  turning  once.  Drain  on  paper 
towelling.  Sprinkle  warm  pastries  with  sifted  powdered  sugar. 


Chocolate  Fried  Pies 


13 


Chocolate  Popcorn 


1  1/2  cups  popped  popcorn 

2  cups  sugar 

2  squares  unsweetened  chocolate 

1/4  cup  sweetened  condensed  milk 

3/4  cup  water 

1  tablespoon  butter 

1  tablespoon  vanilla 

Melt  chocolate  in  pan.  Add  sugar,  milk,  water  and  butter.  Add  salt 
to  taste.  Boil  to  soft  ball  stage  and  remove  from  heat.  Add  vanilla 
and  popped  popcorn.  Cool  to  room  temperature.  Stir  until  creamy. 
Pour  into  well-buttered  shallow  pan.  Cut  into  squares  when  set. 


Chocolate  Popcorn 


14 


Cincinnati  Chili 


1  quart  water 

2  pounds  ground  chuck,  crumbled 
2  medium  onions,  finely  chopped 

5-6  cloves  garlic,  crushed  (use  garlic  press)  or  minced 

1  can  (15-ounce)  tomato  sauce 

2  tablespoons  cider  vinegar 

1  tablespoon  Worcestershire  sauce 
10  peppercorns,  ground 
8  whole  allspice,  ground 
8  whole  cloves,  ground 

1  large  bay  leaf 

2  teaspoons  salt 

2  teaspoons  ground  cinnamon 
1-1/2  teaspoons  cayenne  pepper 
1  teaspoon  ground  cumin 
1/2  oz.  unsweetened  chocolate,  grated 

Bring  water  to  boil  in  a  4-6  quart  pot.  Add  the  ground  chuck  (do  not 
brown  first).  Stir  until  separated  and  reduce  heat  to  simmer.  Add 
onions,  garlic,  tomato  sauce,  cider  vinegar,  and  Worcestershire  sauce. 
Stir  to  mix  well.  Add  peppercorns,  allspice,  cloves,  bay  leaf,  salt, 
cinnamon,  cayenne  pepper  and  grated  unsweetened  chocolate.  Bring  back 
to  a  boil,  then  reduce  to  simmer  for  2-1/2  hours  cooking  time  in  all. 
Cool  uncovered  and  refrigerate  overnight.  Skim  all  or  most  of  the  fat 
and  discard.  Discard  bay  leaf.  Reheat  and  serve  over  hot  spaghetti. 


Cincinnati  Chili 


15 


Coca-Cola  Cake 


2  cups  flour 

2  cups  sugar 

3  tbsp.  cocoa 

1  stick  of  margarine 
1/2  cup  of  crisco  oil 
1  cup  Coca  Cola 
1/2  cup  buttermilk 

1  tsp.  soda 

2  eggs 

1  1/2  cup  miniature  marshmallows 
1  tsp.  vanilla 

Combine  flour  and  sugar  in  bowl.  Heat  margarine,  oil,  cocoa  and 
coke  to  boiling  point.  Stir  in  marshmallows.  Pour  over  flour  and 
sugar;  mix  well.  Add  milk,  soda,  eggs  and  vanilla;  beat  for  2  minutes. 
Bake  in  greased  and  floured  9x13  inch  pan  for  30  minutes  at  350F. 
Frost  while  warm. 

Icing: 
1  stick  margarine 

3  tbsp.  cocoa 

6  tbsp  coca-cola 
1  box  powdered  sugar 
1  cup  of  nuts,  chopped 
1  tsp.  vanilla 

Heat  margarine,  cocoa  and  coca-cola  to  boiling  point.  Pour  over 
sugar;  beat  well.  Add  nuts  and  vanilla.  Spread  on  cake  while  warm. 


Coca-Cola  Cake 


16 


Creme  de  Menthe 


1  1/4  cups  fresh  mint  leaves,  slightly  packed 
3  cups  vodka 

2  cups  granulated  sugar 
1  cup  water 

1  tsp  glycerine  (optional) 

8  drops  green  food  coloring  (optional) 

2  drops  blue  food  coloring  (optional) 

Wash  leaves  in  cold  water  several  times.  Shake  or  pat  gently  dry. 
Snip  each  leaf  into  halves  or  thirds,  discarding  stems.  Measure 
cut  mint  leaves  to  above  measurement. 

Combine  leaves  and  vodka,  steep  for  2  weeks.  Shake  occasionally. 
Strain  out  leaves.  Boil  sugar  and  water  together,  cool.  Add  to 
vodka  mixture,  add  optional  ingredients.  Age  1  to  3  months. 
Yield:  1  quart. 


Creme  de  Menthe 


17 


Death  By  Chocolate  Honey  Almond  Crunch 


4  cups  sliced  almonds 
6  ounces  unsalted  butter 
1/1/2  cups  granulated  ugar 
1/2  cup  water 
1/4  cup  Myers's  Dark  Rum 
1/4  cup  honey 

8  ounces  semisweet  chocolate,  chopped  into  1/4-inch  pieces 
4  ounces  unsweetened  chocolate,  chopped  into  1/4-inch  pieces 

Preheat  the  oven  to  325F. 

Toast  2  cups  of  almonds  on  a  baking  sheet  in  the  preheated  oven  until 
golden  brown,  about  12  to  14  minutes.  Remove  the  almonds  from  the  oven 
and  allow  to  cool  to  room  temperature.  Transfer  the  almonds  to  a  large 
dish  or  other  suitable  container  and  set  aside  until  needed. 
Melt  the  butter  in  a  2  1/2  quart  saucepan  over  low  heat,  stirring 
constantly  as  it  melts  so  it  does  not  simmer  or  boil.  As  soon  as  the 
butter  is  completely  melted,  add  the  sugar,  water,  rum,  and  honey. 
Increase  the  heat  to  medium  high.  Heat  the  mixture  to  a  temperature 
of  220F,  as  measured  on  a  candy  thermometer,  stirring  constantly. 
Add  the  untoasted  almonds  and  continue  to  heat  and  stir  until  the 
mixture  reaches  a  temperature  of  225F. 

Evenly  divide  the  honey-almond  mixture  between  two  baking  sheets. 
Place  the  baking  sheets  on  the  top  and  middle  shelves  of  the  preheated 
oven  and  bake  until  the  mixture  is  evenly  carmelized,  about  24  to  26 
minutes.  Rotate  the  baking  sheets  from  top  to  bottom  about  halfway 
through  the  baking  time.  Remove  from  the  oven  and  allow  to  cool  for 
5  minutes. 

Combine  the  semisweet  and  unsweetened  chocolate  pieces  and  evenly 
divide  and  sprinkle  over  the  surface  of  the  caramelized  honey-almond 
mixture.  Allow  to  stand  for  5  minutes.  Use  a  spatula  to  spread  the 
chocolate  throughout  the  mixture.  Evenly  divide  and  sprinkle  the 
toasted  almonds  over  the  chocolate.  Place  both  baking  sheets  in  the 
freezer  for  20  minutes. 

Remove  the  Chocolate  Honey  Almond  Crunch  from  the  freezer  and  break 
into  irregular  pieces.  Store  in  a  sealed  plastic  container  in  the 
freezer  or  refrigerator. 


Death  By  Chocolate  Honey  Almond  Crunch 


18 


Der  Weinerschnitzel's  Chili  Sauce 


2  cloves  garlic,  minced 

1/2  cup  onion,  minced 

2  tablespoons  olive  oil 

1  pound  ground  beef 

1  teaspoon  salt 

1/2  teaspoon  black  pepper 

1  tablespoon  prepared  mustard 

1  tablespoon  vinegar 

1  teaspoon  Worcestershire  Sauce 

1/2  teaspoon  Tabasco 

1/4  cup  ketchup 

1/2  cup  tomato  juice 

In  a  large  heavy  skillet  cook  garlic  and  onion  in  oil 
over  moderate  heat,  stirring,  until  onion  is  softened. 
Add  beef  and  cook,  stirring  and  breaking  up  any  lumps  with 
a  fork.until  cooked  through.  Drain  off  any  excess  fat. 
Add  remaining  ingredients,  adding  just  enough  juice  to  create 
a  spoonably  loose  but  not  soupy  mixture.  Simmer  sauce, 
stirring  occasionally;  about  10  minutes.  Makes  enough  sauce 
to  top  6  hot  dogs.  Steam  the  hot  dogs  and  use  potato  rolls. 


Der  Weinerschnitzel's  Chili  Sauce 


19 


Ebingers  Blackout  Cake 


For  the  cake: 

1/2  cup  unsweetened  Dutch-process  cocoa,  or  Hersheys  European 

2  Tablespoons  boiling  water 

2  ozs.  unsweetened  chocolate  (2  squares),  chopped 

3/4  cup  milk 

2  cups  granulated  sugar 

2  sticks  unsalted  butter,  slightly  softened 

2  Tablespoons  unsalted  butter,  for  cake  pans 

4  eggs,  separated 

2  Teaspoons  vanilla  extract 

2  cups  all-purpose  flour,  +  1  Tablespoon  for  pans 

1  Teaspoon  baking  powder 

1  Teaspoon  salt 

1  Teaspoon  baking  soda 

For  the  filling: 

1  Tablespoon  unsweetened  Dutch  process  cocoa,  +  1-3/4  teaspoons 

2  cups  boiling  water 

3/4  cup  sugar,  +  3-1/2  teaspoons 

1  oz.  bittersweet  chocolate,  chopped 

2  Tablespoons  cornstarch 
1  Tablespoon  cold  water 
1/4  Teaspoon  salt 

1  Teaspoon  vanilla  extract 

2  Tablespoons  unsalted  butter 

Frosting: 

12  ozs.  semisweet  chocolate,  chopped 

3/4  cup  unsalted  butter 

1/2  cup  hot  water 

1  Tablespoon  corn  syrup 

1  Tablespoon  vanilla  extract 

Preheat  the  oven  to  375  F.  To  make  the  cake,  place  the  cocoa  in 
a  small  bowl  and  whisk  in  boiling  water  to  form  a  paste.  Combine 
the  chocolate  and  milk  in  a  saucepan  over  medium  heat.  Stir 
frequently  as  the  mixture  warms  and  the  chocolate  melts,  about  3 
minutes.  Remove  from  heat.  Whisk  a  small  amount  of  the  heated 
chocolate  milk  into  the  cocoa  paste  and  then  whisk  the  cocoa  paste 
into  the  milk  mixture.  Return  to  heat,  stir  for  one  minute,  remove 


Ebingers  Blackout  Cake 


20 


Welcome  To  E-Cookbooks! 


and  cool  until  tepid.  In  a  small  bowl  of  a  mixer,  cream  the  sugar 
and  butter  together.  Beat  in  the  egg  yolks  one  at  a  time  and  add 
the  vanilla.  Slowly  stir  in  the  chocolate  mixture.  Combine  the 
flour,  baking  powder,  salt  and  baking  soda.  Using  a  spatula  or  a 
wooden  spoon,  slowly  add  the  flour  mixture  to  the  chocolate  mixture. 
In  another  bowl,  whip  the  egg  whites  to  form  soft  peaks  and,  using 
a  rubber  spatula,  gently  fold  the  egg  whites  into  the  batter.  Butter 
and  lightly  flour  two  8  inch  round  cake  pans  and  divide  the  batter 
between  the  two  pans.  Bake  for  45  minutes  and  cool  on  a  rack  for  15 
minutes.  Gently  remove  the  cakes  from  their  pans  and  continue  to  cool. 
While  the  cake  is  baking,  make  the  filling.  Put  the  cocoa  into  a 
saucepan  and  pour  in  the  boiling  water  and  place  over  low  heat.  Add 
the  sugar  and  chocolate.  Dissolve  the  cornstarch  in  the  cold  water 
to  make  a  smooth  paste.  Whisk  the  cornstarch  mixture  into  the  water 
and  chocolate,  add  the  salt  and  bring  it  to  a  boil,  stirring  constantly. 
Boil  for  one  minute.  Remove  the  pan  from  the  heat,  whisk  in  the  vanilla 
and  the  butter  and  transfer  the  mixture  to  a  bowl  and  refrigerate  until 
cool.  Make  the  frosting:  In  a  double  boiler  (or  a  pan  within  a  pan), 
melt  the  chocolate,  remove  from  heat  and  whisk  in  the  butter,  one 
tablespoon  at  a  time,  returning  to  the  heat  if  necessary  to  melt  the 
butter.  Whisk  in  the  hot  water  all  at  once  and  stir  until  smooth. 
Whisk  in  the  corn  syrup  and  the  vanilla.  Refrigerate  for  up  to  15 
minutes  before  using.  Assemble  the  cake:  Use  a  sharp  knife  to  slice 
each  cake  into  two  disks  to  form  4  layers.  Set  one  layer  aside.  Place 
one  layer  on  a  cake  round  or  plate.  Generously  swath  the  layer  with 
filling.  Add  the  second  layer  and  repeat.  Add  the  third  layer.  Quickly 
apply  a  layer  of  frosting  to  the  top  and  the  sides  of  the  cake  and 
refrigerate  for  10  minutes.  Meanwhile,  crumble  the  remaining  cake 
layer,  into  fine  crumbs.  Apply  a  second  layer  of  frosting  to  the 
cake,  sprinkle  liberally  with  crumbs  and  serve  within  24  hours. 
Store  in  a  cool  place. 


Ebingers  Blackout  Cake 


21 


Emeril's  Essences 


Emeril's  Essence  Creole  Seasoning  (also  known  as  Bayou  Blast): 

2  1/2  tablespoons  paprika 
2  tablespoons  salt 
2  tablespoons  garlic  powder 
1  tablespoon  black  pepper 
1  tablespoon  onion  powder 
1  tablespoon  cayenne  pepper 
1  tablespoon  dried  oregano 
1  tablespoon  dried  thyme 

Combine  all  ingredients  thoroughly. 
Yield:  2/3  cup 


Emeril's  Southwest  Seasoning: 

2  tablespoons  chili  powder 

2  teaspoons  ground  cumin 

2  tablespoons  paprika 

1  teaspoon  black  pepper 

1  tablespoon  ground  coriander 

1  teaspoon  cayenne  pepper 

1  tablespoon  garlic  powder 

1  teaspoon  crushed  red  pepper 

1  tablespoon  salt 

1  tablespoon  dried  oregano 

Combine  all  ingredients  thoroughly. 
Yield:  1/2  cup 


Rustic  Rub: 

8  tablespoons  paprika 
3  tablespoons  cayenne 

5  tablespoons  freshly  ground  black  pepper 

6  tablespoons  garlic  powder 
3  tablespoons  onion  powder 
6  tablespoons  salt 

2  1/2  tablespoons  dried  oregano 
2  1/2  tablespoons  dried  thyme 


Emeril's  Essences 


22 


Welcome  To  E-Cookbooks! 
Combine  all  ingredients  and  store  in  an  air-tight  container. 


Emeril's  Essences 


Emeril's  Easy  Enchilada  Sauce 


3  Tablespoons  Vegetable  oil 

1  Tablespoon  Flour 
1/4  Cup  Chili  powder 

2  Cups  Chicken  stock 
10  Oz.  Tomato  paste 

1  Teaspoon  Dried  oregano 
1  Teaspoon  Ground  cumin 
1/2  Teaspoon  Salt 

In  a  medium  saucepan  heat  oil,  add  flour,  smoothing  and  stirring 
with  a  wooden  spoon.  Cook  for  1  minute.  Add  chili  powder  and  cook 
for  30  seconds.  Add  stock,  tomato  paste,  oregano,  and  cumin.  Stir 
to  combine.  Bring  to  a  boil,  reduce  heat  to  low  and  cook  for  15 
minutes. 

The  sauce  will  thicken  and  smooth  out.  Adjust  the  seasonings. 
Serve  atop  your  favorite  enchiladas. 


Emeril's  Easy  Enchilada  Sauce 


24 


Emeril's  Mole  Sauce 


1/2  cup  shelled  pumpkin  seeds 

1/4  cup  shelled  pistachio  nuts 

1/4  cup  roasted  pine  nuts 

2  poblano  peppers 

1  medium  onion,  quartered 

1  teaspoon  chili  powder 

1  teaspoon  ground  cumin 

1/2  teaspoon  salt 

1  tablespoon  tamarind  paste 

1  tablespoon  dark  cane  or  corn  syrup 

1  teaspoon  distilled  white  vinegar 

1  cup  plus  1  tablespoon  olive  oil 

1/2  cup  chicken  stock 

1/2  cup  heavy  cream 

Preheat  the  oven  to  400  degrees  F.  Place  the  nuts,  peppers,  and 
onions  on  a  baking  sheet.  Drizzle  with  1  tablespoon  olive  oil. 
Roast  for  10  to  15  minutes.  Remove  from  the  oven  and  peel,  seed 
and  chop  the  peppers.  In  a  food  processor,  combine  the  nuts, 
peppers,  onions,  chili  powder,  cumin,  salt,  tamarind  paste, 
1  tablespoon  dark  cane  syrup,  vinegar  and  olive  oil.  Puree  until 
creamy,  stopping  once  to  scrape  the  sides  of  the  bowl.  Turn  the 
sauce  into  a  saucepan.  Whisk  in  the  chicken  stock  and  cream. 
Bring  the  sauce  up  to  a  boil  and  reduce  to  a  simmer.  Cook  for  2 
minutes.  Remove  from  the  heat  and  keep  warm. 


Emeril's  Mole  Sauce 


25 


Fall  Sweet  Onion  Saute 


1  pound  (about  4  links)  fully  cooked  sausage  of  choice, 

cut  on  the  diagonal  in  1/2-inch  slices 
3  tablespoons  olive  oil,  divided 

1  pound  sweet  potatoes  (yam  variety),  peeled  and  julienned 

1  pound  onions,  cut  in  1-inch  wedges,  then  separated 

2  stalks  celery,  sliced  thinly  on  the  diagonal 

1  green  pepper,  julienned 

3  cloves  garlic,  chopped  finely 
Salt,  as  needed 

2  tablespoons  chopped  fresh  marjoram  or  fresh  oregano  or  2  tsp.  dried 
1/2  teaspoon  sugar 

1/2  tablespoon  red  wine  vineger 

3  cups  hot,  cooked  pasta,  rice  or  polenta 

Saute  sausage  in  1  tablespoon  oil  until  lightly  browned.  Remove  from 
pan;  reserve  on  paper  towel.  In  the  same  pan,  heat  remaining 
2  tablespoons  oil;  saute  sweet  potato  until  tender-crisp  and  lightly 
browned.  Stir  in  remaining  vegetables  and  1  teaspoon  salt;  saute  until 
tender.  Return  reserved  sausage  to  pan.  Stir  in  marjoram  or  oregano 
and  sugar.  Add  more  salt  if  necessary;  lightly  season  with  freshly 
ground  black  pepper.  Remove  from  heat;  stir  in  vinegar.  Serve  with 
pasta,  rice  or  polenta. 


Fall  Sweet  Onion  Saute 


26 


Flavored  Butters 


Stir  desired  recipe  ingredients  into  1/2  cup  butter,  softened; 
cover  and  chill  at  least  8  hours. 

CHILI  BUTTER:  1  tablespoon  chili  powder,  1  teaspoon  ground  cumin, 
and  1/2  teaspoon  ground  red  pepper.  Serve  on  warm  tortillas,  or  stir 
into  retried  beans  or  rice. 

CINNAMON  BUTTER:  ItTablespoon  cinnamon,  1  teaspoon  sugar  and 
1  teaspoon  brown  sugar.  Serve  on  hot  rolls. 

HERB  BUTTER:  2  tablespoons  chopped  fresh  dill  and  1  tablespoon 
chopped  fresh  parsley.  Serve  on  steamed  vegetables,  fish,  or  chicken. 

JALAPENO  BUTTER:  2  garlic  cloves,  pressed;  1  or  2  jalapenos  peppers, 
seeded  and  minced;  and  1  tablespoons  chopped  fresh  cilantro.  Serve 
on  baked  potatoes,  rice,  or  chicken. 

SEAFOOD  BUTTER:  2  teaspoons  grated  onion  and  1  teaspoon  Old  Bay 
seasoning.  Serve  on  seafood  or  baked  potatoes. 

BLACKBERRY  BUTTER:  2  tablespoons  blackberry  jam.  Serve  on  waffles, 
pancakes,  or  ham. 

BLUE  CHEESE  BUTTER:  1/4  cup  crumbled  blue  cheese.  Serve  with  crackers 
as  an  hors  d'oeuvre,  or  on  baked  potatoes  or  steaks. 

BOURBON  BUTTER:  2  tablespoons  bourbon.  Serve  on  pork  chops  or  ham, 
toasted  pound  cake,  waffles,  or  sweet  potato  biscuits. 

CHIPOTLE  PEPPER  BUTTER:  1  tablespoons  minced  chipotle  peppers  in  adobo 
sauce.  Serve  on  rice,  baked  potatoes,  chicken,  or  pork  chops. 

CITRUS  BUTTER:  1  tablespoon  grated  lemon  rind  and  1  tablespoon  grated 
orange  rind.  Serve  on  seafood,  chicken,  or  pasta. 

CRANBERRY  BUTTER:  2  tablespoons  cranberry  sauce.  Serve  on  sweet 

potatoes, 

waffles,  or  ham. 

HONEY  BUTTER:  2  tablespoons  honey  and  1  teaspoon  grated  lemon  rind. 
Serve  on  sweet  potatoes,  waffles,  winter  squash,  or  ham. 


Flavored  Butters 


27 


Welcome  To  E-Cookbooks! 


LEMON-ANCHOVY  BUTTER:  2  teaspoons  anchovy  paste,  1  teaspoon  grated 
lemon  rind,  and  1  teaspoon  fresh  lemon  juice.  Serve  on  seafood. 

LEMON  PEPPER  BUTTER:  1  teaspoon  pepper,  1  teaspoon  grated  lemon  rind, 
and  1  teaspoon  fresh  lemon  juice.  Serve  on  almost  anything! 

PECAN  BUTTER:  1/2  cup  finely  chopped  pecans,  toasted.  Serve  on  pancakes, 
sweet  potatoes,  winter  squash,  or  gingerbread. 

PESTO  BUTTER:  2  tablespoons  pesto.  Serve  on  chicken  breasts,  baked 
potatoes,  steamed  vegetables,  or  pasta. 

SESAME  BUTTER:  1  tablespoon  minced  fresh  ginger,  1  teaspoon  grated 
lime  rind,  and  1  teaspoon  dark  sesame  oil.  Serve  on  shrimp,  sweet 
potatoes,  or  grilled  chicken. 


Flavored  Butters 


28 


Garlic  Knots 


1  1/2  lbs.  pizza  dough 

8  oz.  slightly  melted  butter 

3  ounces  grated  Romano  cheese 

1  Tablespoon  finely  chopped  Italian  parsley 
1/2  teaspoon  white  pepper 

1/2  teaspoon  crushed  red  pepper 

2  Tablespoons  granulated  garlic 

Flour  pizza  dough,  and  spread  to  an  8"  high  by  12"  wide  rectangle. 
With  a  pizza  cutter,  cut  in  half  lengthwise  and  widthwise.  Then, 
cut  each  quarter  in  half  widthwise.  Cut  each  square  into  thirds 
(They  should  be  1 "  strips).  Take  each  strip  and  loop  once  to  make 
a  knot.  Place  on  a  lightly  oiled  cookie  sheet.  Cver  with  plastic 
wrap  and  allow  to  proof  for  30  minutes.  Meanwhile,  preheat  oven 
to  475F.  Bake  knots  for  8  minutes  or  until  slightly  browned. 
Let  cool  for  5  minutes. 

Combine  remaining  ingredients,  and  toss  with  cooled  knots. 


Garlic  Knots 


29 


Homemade  Sour  Cream 


2  cups  light  cream 
2  Tbsp  buttermilk 

Combine  cream  with  buttermilk  in  hot,  clean  glass  jar  with  a  lid. 
(Canning  jar  that  has  been  heating  in  boiling  water,  for  instance.) 
Cover  tightly  and  shake  gently  to  thoroughly  mix.  Let  stand  in  a 
warm  place  -  like  where  you  put  bread  to  rise)  till  thickened 
(24-48  hours).  Store,  covered  in  refrigerator.  Stir  before  serving. 
Use  within  three  weeks.  Makes  two  cups. 


Homemade  Sour  Cream 


30 


Homemade  Spice  Blends 


CURRY  POWDER 

2  tablespoons  ground  coriander 
1  tablespoon  +  2  teaspoons  turmeric 
1  1/2  teaspoons  black  pepper 
1  teaspoon  mustard  powder 
1  teaspoon  ginger 

1  teaspoon  cumin 
3/4  teaspoon  allspice 
1/2  teaspoon  cloves 

Mix  all  together  until  well  mixed.  Store  in  an  airtight 
container.  Makes  approx.  1/3  cup. 

PUMPKIN  PIE  SPICE 

2  teaspoons  cinnamon 

1  teaspoon  ground  ginger 

1/2  teaspoon  nutmeg 

1/2  teaspoon  ground  cloves 

Mix  together  well. 

SEASONED  SALT 
1/2  cup  salt 

1  teaspoon  onion  powder 
1  teaspoon  oregano  powder 

1  teaspoon  sweet  marjoram  powder 
1/2  teaspoon  garlic  powder 

1/2  teaspoon  black  pepper 

Mix  all  together  until  well  mixed.  Store  in  a  shaker.  Yield:  2/3  cup 

PICKLING  SPICE 

2  tablespoons  mustard  seed 

1  tablespoon  whole  allspice 

2  teaspoons  coriander  seeds 


Homemade  Spice  Blends 


31 


Welcome  To  E-Cookbooks! 


2  whole  cloves 

1  teaspoon  ground  ginger 

1  teaspoon  dried  red  pepper  flakes 

1  bay  leaf,  crumbled 

1  cinnamon  stick  (2  inches) 

Combine  all  ingredients  and  store  in  an  airtight  jar  or 
container.  Use  in  favorite  pickle  recipes.  Yield:  1/3  Cup 


Homemade  Spice  Blends 


32 


Hot  Butterscotch  Sauce 


1  Cup  light  brown  sugar,  packed 
1/4  cup  half-and-half 

4  Tablespoons  Butter 

2  Tablespoons  light  corn  syrup 

Combine  all  ingredients  in  a  4-cup  glass  measuring  cup.  Stir  to 
mix.  Microwave  on  high  for  2  minutes,  until  it  boils.  Stir. 
Pour  into  a  sterile  pint  jar,  cover  and  store  refrigerated  for 
up  to  1  month. 


Hot  Butterscotch  Sauce 


33 


Hot  Pepper  Fudge 


2  cups  sugar 

2  tablespoons  honey 

2  ounces  unsweetened  chocolate,  broken  in  pieces 
Pinch  of  salt 

3/4  cup  milk 

1/2  teaspoon  ground  chipotle  pepper  or  other  chile  pepper 
1  teaspoon  ground  cinnamon 

3  tablespoons  unsalted  butter,  in  pieces 
1/2  teaspoon  vanilla  extract 

In  a  large,  heavy  saucepan,  combine  the  sugar,  honey,  chocolate, 
salt,  and  milk.  Place  over  medium-high  heat,  stir  constantly,  and 
heat  until  the  chocolate  melts,  about  3  minutes.  Cover  with  a  lid 
and  heat  until  the  mixture  comes  to  a  full  boil,  about  1  more  minute. 
Uncover  and  cook  until  the  mixture  becomes  shiny  and  thick, 
about  4  minutes,  stirring  often.  When  the  fudge  is  ready,  it  will 
register  236F  to  240F  on  a  candy  thermometer.  (Or  a  small  amount  of 
fudge  dropped  into  a  glass  of  cold  water  will  form  a  soft,  solid  wad 
on  the  bottom  of  the  glass.)  Remove  from  the  heat  and  stir  in  the 
chipotle  pepper  and  cinnamon. 

Place  the  butter  on  the  fudge  and  set  aside  to  cool.  When  the 
fudge  has  become  tepid,  about  20  minutes,  add  the  vanilla  and 
stir  until  the  fudge  starts  to  firm.  While  still  pourable,  scrape 
into  a  loaf  pan  and  even  the  top.  Set  aside  until  the  fudge  is  firm. 
Cut  into  36  squares. 


Hot  Pepper  Fudge 


34 


Jack  Daniel's  Marinade 


1/4  cup  Jack  Daniel's  whiskey 

1/4  cup  soy  sauce 

1/4  cup  Dijon-style  mustard 

1/4  cup  minced  green  onion  and  tops 

1/4  cup  firmly  packed  light  brown  sugar 

1  teaspoon  salt 

Dash  of  Worcestershire  sauce 

pepper  to  taste 

Combine  all  ingredients.  Blend  well.  Use  to  marinate  shrimp 
or  scallops  for  one  hour.  Beef,  chicken  or  pork  should  marinate 
refrigerated  overnight.  Use  to  baste  the  shellfish  or  meat  as 
it  is  grilled  or  broiled. 


Jack  Daniel's  Marinade 


35 


Lady  Fingers 


4  eggs,  room  temperature 

1/2  cup  sugar 

1/2  teaspoon  vanilla 

3/4  cup  all-purpose  flour,  unbleached 

1/4  teaspoon  salt 

confectioners'  sugar 

Preheat  the  oven  to  325F.  Grease  and  dust  with  flour  a  large 
baking  sheet  or  2  smaller  ones. 
Beat  the  egg  whites  with  an  electric  mixer  until  they  hold 
soft  peaks,  then  beat  in  2  tablespoons  of  the  sugar  and  continue 
beating  until  the  whites  are  very  smooth,  shiny,  and  stiff. 
Using  the  same  beaters,  beat  the  egg  yolks  with  the  mixer 
until  light  colored  and  doubled  in  size.  Gradually  add  the 
rest  of  the  sugar  and  continue  beating  until  very  thick  and 
tripled  in  size.  Beat  in  the  vanilla. 
Sift  the  flour  and  salt  together,  then  fold  it  and  the  egg 
whites  into  the  egg  yolk  mixture,  alternating  the  two.  Work 
lightly  to  keep  the  mixture  as  voluminous  as  possible. 
With  a  large  spoon  or  spatula,  carefully  transfer  the  batter 
to  a  pastry  bag  if  you  have  one  or  into  a  heavy  duty  Ziploc 
plastic  bag  with  a  corner  cut  off.  Spoon  or  pipe  the  batter 
out  onto  the  baking  sheet(s)  in  finger  shapes  about  4  inches 
long  and  1/2  inch  wide.  You  should  have  about  2  dozen. 
Dust  lightly  with  confectioners'  sugar. 
Bake  for  about  20  minutes  or  until  lightly  browned  around 
the  edges.  Remove  from  the  oven  and  transfer  the  ladyfingers 
to  a  rack  to  cool. 


Lady  Fingers 


36 


Lemon  Tea  Slush 


5  cups  water 

2  tea  bags  green  tea 

1  cup  sugar 

1  can  (12  ounces)  frozen  lemonade  concentrate,  thawed 
1  cup  vodka 

1  bottle  (1  liter)  sparkling  water 
Chilled  lemon  slices 

Heat  1  cup  of  the  water  to  boiling.  Pour  water  over  tea  bags;  let 
steep  10  minutes.  Remove  tea  bags  and  cool  tea. 
Heat  remaining  4  cups  water  to  boiling.  Stir  in  sugar  until  dissolved. 
Remove  from  heat;  cool  20  minutes. 

Mix  tea,  sugar  water,  lemonade  concentrate  and  vodka  in  3  quart 
plastic  container.  Cover  and  freeze  at  least  24  hours. 
To  serve,  place  2/3  cup  slush  in  each  glass  and  fill  with  1/3  cup 
sparkling  water  and  stir.  Garnish  with  lemon  slices. 


Lemon  Tea  Slush 


37 


Licorice  Drops 


1  cup  granulated  sugar 

1/4  cup  brown  sugar 

1/4  cup  water 

1/4  cup  light  corn  syrup 

1  tbsp  black  food  coloring 

1/4  tsp  anise  extract  or  pulverized  anise  seeds 

Put  the  sugars,  water  and  corn  syrup  into  a  pot,  set  the  pot  over 
medium  heat  and  stir.  When  the  batch  has  boiled  for  the  first 
time,  wash  the  sugar  crystals  down  from  the  sides  of  the  pot.  Put 
the  thermometer  in  the  pot  and  cook  without  stirring  to  290F 
[soft  crack  stage].  Take  the  pot  from  the  heat  and  add  the  food 
coloring  and  the  anise  flavoring  and  stir  them  in  gently. 

With  a  teaspoon,  drop  round  patties  about  the  size  of  quarters 
onto  a  greased  baking  sheet.  If  the  candy  in  the  pot  gets  too 
firm  for  spooning,  reheat  it  gently  until  it  softens. 

Cool  the  drops  completely  but  not  in  the  refrigerator  or  the  pieces 
will  stick.  Wrap  the  drops  individually  in  wax  paper. 


Licorice  Drops 


38 


Lawry's  Taco  Seasoning 


1  Tablespoon  Flour 

1  Teaspoon  Chili  powder 

1  Teaspoon  Paprika 

3/4  Teaspoon  Salt 

3/4  Teaspoon  Minced  onion 

1/2  Teaspoon  Cumin 

1/4  Teaspoon  Cayenne  pepper 

1/4  Teaspoon  Garlic  powder 

1/4  Teaspoon  Sugar 

1/8  Teaspoon  Ground  oregano 

Combine  all  of  the  ingredients  in  a  small  bowl.  To  prepare  the 
meat  filling  for  the  tacos  as  described  on  the  original  package 
instructions:  "In  large  skillet,  brown  1  pound  ground  beef  until 
crumbly;  drain  fat.  Add  spices  &  seasonings  and  2/3  cup  water;  mix 
thoroughly.  Bring  to  a  boil:  reduce  heat  to  low  and  cook,  uncovered, 
7  to  10  minutes,  stirring  occasionally.  Spoon  meat  filling  into 
warmed  taco  shells  or  tortillas.  Top  with  shredded  lettuce,  grated 
Cheddar  cheese  and  chopped  tomato.  Use  fresh  salsa  and  guacamole 
if  desired. 


Lawry's  Taco  Seasoning 


39 


Grandma's  Moonshine  Grape  Wine 


2  -  1 2  oz.  cans  frozen  grape  juice 

3  1/2  cups  of  white  granulated  sugar 
1/3  cake  of  yeast  (Fleishmann's  is  best) 
a  large  Balloon  and  some  strong  string 
one  Gallon  Jug 

First,  set  the  grape  juice  out  to  thaw,  until  slushy.  Next,  mix 
the  sugar  thoroughly  in  with  the  grape  juice.  Pour  the  sugar 
and  juice,  into  the  gallon  jug. 

Dissolve  the  yeast  in  a  cup  of  lukewarm  water  and  add  to  the 
juice  mixture  in  the  gallon  jug.  Mix  everything  thoroughly. 
Now  add  just  enough  lukewarm  water  to  fill  the  gallon  jug 
up  to  about  2  inches  below  the  neck.  When  this  is  done,  place 
the  balloon  over  the  top  of  neck  and  secure  tightly  with  string. 
Note!  This  must  be  an  air  tight  fit...  If  you  have  followed  all 
directions  carefully,  the  balloon  will  soon  start  to  expand  with 
the  gas,  caused  by  the  fermentation.  Store  the  mixture  in  a  cool 
(but  not  cold)  area,  60  to  75  degrees  is  ideal,  for  a  period  of 
from  3  to  6  weeks. 

Check  the  balloon  every  other  day.  If  the  balloon  expands  too 
large,  untie  and  allow  the  gas  to  escape  and  then  retie,  but  be 
sure  to  retie  tightly  to  make  it  air  tight  again.  When  the 
balloon  ceases  to  expand,  the  wine  is  done. 

NOTICE  -  Do  not  bottle  the  wine  before  it  is  done.  Working 
wine  (fermenting)  can  explode  a  bottle  from  the  gas  pressure  of 
fermentation. 

Strain  your  wine  with  a  cheese  cloth  or  a  tea  towel  and  pour 
into  a  bottle,  using  a  snap-on  type  of  cap  or  use  a  cork.  Store 
bottles  on  their  sides  in  a  cool,  dark  place.  All  that's  left 
now  to  do,  is  ENJOY  YOURSELF. 


Grandma's  Moonshine  Grape  Wine 


40 


Morning  Glory  Muffins 


2-1/2  Cups  Sugar 

4  Cups  flour 

4  Teaspoons  cinnamon 

4  Teaspoons  baking  soda 

1  Teaspoon  salt 

4  Cups  shredded  carrots 

1  Cup  chopped  nuts 

1  Cup  raisins 

1  Cup  coconut 

6  eggs  lightly  beaten 

1  Cup  applesauce 

1  Cup  vegetable  oil 

1  Teaspoon  vanilla 

Heat  oven  to  350  degrees.  Grease  2  dozen  muffin  cups.  In  large 
bowl,  using  wire  whisk,  whisk  to  thoroughly  combine  first  five 
ingredients,  then  add  carrots,  nuts,  raisins  and  coconut  and 
mix  well.  Add  remaining  ingredients,  stirring  until  blended. 
Spoon  into  muffin  cups  and  bake  until  muffins  are  risen  and 
browned,  about  20  minutes. 


Morning  Glory  Muffins 


41 


O'Charley's  Baked  Potato  Soup 


3  lbs.  red  potatoes 

1/4  cup  butter,  melted 

1/4  cup  flour 

2  quarts  half-and-half 

1  pound  block  Velveeta  cheese,  melted 

White  pepper,  to  taste 

Garlic  powder,  to  taste 

1  tsp.  hot  pepper  sauce 

1/2  lb.  bacon,  fried  crisply 

1  cup  Cheddar  cheese,  shredded 

1/2  cup  fresh  chives,  chopped 

1/2  cup  fresh  parsley,  chopped 

Dice  unpeeled  red  potatoes  into  1/2-inch  cubes.  Place  in  a  large 
Dutch  oven,  cover  with  water  and  bring  to  a  boil.  Let  boil  for 
10  minutes  or  until  almost  cooked. 

In  a  separate  large  Dutch  oven,  combine  melted  margarine  and  flour, 
mixing  until  smooth.  Place  over  low  heat  and  gradually  add 
half-and-half,  stirring  constantly.  Continue  to  stir  until  smooth 
and  liquid  begins  to  thicken.  Add  melted  Velveeta.  Stir  well.  Drain 
potatoes  and  add  to  cream  mixture.  Stir  in  pepper,  garlic  powder 
and  hot  pepper  sauce. 

Cover  and  cook  over  low  heat  for  30  minutes,  stirring  occasionally. 
Place  soup  into  individual  serving  bowls  and  top  with  crumbled 
bacon,  shredded  cheese,  chives  and  parsley. 


O'Charley's  Baked  Potato  Soup 


42 


Olive  Garden  Sangria 


1 .5  Liters  Soleo  Red  Table  Wine 

10  oz.  Grenadine 

16  oz.  cranberry  juice  cocktail 

12  oz.  sweet  vermouth 

10  oz.  sugar  water  (5  oz.  sugar  diluted) 

Strawberries,  oranges,  and  crushed  ice 

This  makes  a  gallon.  Mix  all  ingredients  except  for  ice. 
Pour  sangria  in  glass  and  then  add  ice  and  fruit. 


Olive  Garden  Sangria 


43 


Olive  Garden  Toasted  Ravioli 


1  -  16  oz.  Package  of  Meat  Filled  Ravioli 
(fresh  or  frozen,  but  unthaw  if  frozen  ) 

2  Eggs,  beaten 
1/4  cup  water 

1  teaspoon  garlic  salt 
1  cup  flour 

1  cup  bread  crumbs,  plain 
1  teaspoon  Italian  seasoning 

Mix  water  with  eggs  and  beat  well,  set  aside.  Mix  Italian  seasonings 
and  garlic  salt  with  the  bread  crumbs  and  set  this  aside.  Measure  flour 
in  bowl  and  set  aside. 

Heat  vegetable  oil  in  deep  fryer  or  skillet  to  350F  for  deep  frying. 
Dip  ravioli  in  flour  then  in  the  egg  wash  then  in  bread  crumbs  and 
carefully  place  in  hot  oil.  Fry  until  golden,  remove  from  oil  and 
drain.  Serve  with  your  favorite  marinara  sauce. 


Olive  Garden  Toasted  Ravioli 


44 


Orange  Julius 


6  ounces  orange  juice,  from  frozen  concentrate,  unprepared 

1  cup  milk 

1  cup  water 

1/4  cup  sugar 

1  teaspoon  vanilla 

8  ice  cubes 

Combine  all  ingredients,  except  ice  cubes,  in  blender.  Blend 
1-2  minutes,  adding  ice  cubes  one  at  a  time,  until  smooth. 


Orange  Julius 


45 


Parmesan  Peppercorn  Dressing 


2  tablespoons  finely  chopped  shallots 

2  tablespoons  vinegar 

1  1/4  cup  mayonnaise 

1/4  tespoon  salt 

1/2  teaspoon  garlic  powder 

1/4  cup  sour  cream 

1  tablespoon  lemon  juice 

1/4  cup  Half  &  Half 

3/4  teaspoon  Worcestershire  sauce 

1  1/2  teaspoon  finely  ground  pepper 

2  1/2  teaspoons  cracked  peppercorns 
1/4  cup  freshly  grated  parmesan  cheese 

Combine  all  ingredients  and  refrigerate  at  least  24  hours 
before  using  on  your  favorite  salad. 


Parmesan  Peppercorn  Dressing 


46 


Pickled  Peppers 


4  large  plump  red  bell  peppers 

1  large  yellow  or  orange  bell  pepper 

1  or  2  small  onions,  ends  trimmed,  then  halved  vertically 

2  garlic  cloves 

Several  sprigs  of  fresh  thyme  or  oregano,  or  2  bay  leaves 
2  cups  white-wine  vinegar 

2  teaspoons  pickling  salt  or  2  heaping  teaspoons  kosher  salt 

Slice  the  red  and  yellow  peppers  into  3/4-inch-wide  strips, 
discarding  the  seeds  and  cores.  Arrange  the  pepper  strips, 
onions,  garlic,  and  the  herbs  attractively  in  2  sterilized  pint 
jars.  Combine  the  vinegar  and  salt  with  1  cup  of  water,  dissolve 
the  salt,  and  pour  the  mixture  over  the  peppers.  Cover  and 
refrigerate  the  peppers  for  at  least  5  to  6  days. 
The  peppers  keep  well  for  months. 


Pickled  Peppers 


47 


Sara  Lee  Crumb  Cake 


2  cups  sifted  flour 

2  cups  light  brown  sugar,  packed 

1/2  cup  margarine 

1  egg,  well  beaten 

1/2  cup  additional  flour 

2  teaspoons  baking  powder 
1  teaspoon  cinnamon 

3/4  cup  milk 

Mix  sifted  flour,  sugar  and  margarine  until  crumbly.  Set  aside 

1/2  cup.  To  the  remaining  crumb  mixture  add  remaining  ingredients 

as  given  above. 

Beat  well  with  mixer  on  low  speed.  Spread  evenly  in  a  greased 
8"  square  pan.  Srinkle  reserved  crumbs  over  top  and  bake  at  350F 
for  35  to  40  minutes,  or  until  inserted  toothpick  comes  out  clean. 
Dust  warm  cake  with  powdered  sugar  before  cutting. 


Sara  Lee  Crumb  Cake 


48 


Spiced  Nuts 


1/2  cup  unsalted  butter 
4  cups  pecans 

2  tablespoons  Worcestershire  sauce 

1  tablespoon  soy  sauce 

1/2  teaspoon  salt 

1/2  teaspoon  ground  cinnamon 

1/2  teaspoon  ground  allspice 

1/2  teaspoon  ground  cloves 

1/2  teaspoon  garlic  powder 

In  a  2-quart  microwave  safe  pan,  melt  the  butter  and  stir  in  nuts. 
Add  the  Worcestershire  sauce,  soy  sauce,  salt,  cinnamon,  allspice, 
cloves  and  garlic  powder.  Mix  well  and  microwave  on  high  for  6  to  8 
minutes,  stirring  every  3  minutes.  Serve  warm  or  at  room  temperature; 
store  in  a  tightly  sealed  container. 


Spiced  Nuts 


49 


Sun  Tea 


Fill  a  1  gallon  GLASS  jar  with  cold  water  and  add  either 
10  small  tea  bags  or  3  large  tea  bags  and  close  lid. 

Place  jar  outside  and  make  sure  it  is  sitting  in  DIRECT  sunlight. 

Let  jar  sit  for  about  1  hour  if  placed  outside  in  mid-afternoon 
or  2-3  hours  if  jar  was  placed  outside  early  in  the  morning,  or 
on  cooler  days.  The  hotter  the  day  (and  sun),  the  stronger  the  tea. 

The  water  will  turn  a  deep  golden  brown  color.  Remove  from  sun 
and  allow  to  cool  before  serving.  DO  NOT  USE  ICE!!  Wait  until  it 
is  cool,  and  then  add  ice.  Otherwise,  it  will  be  cloudy. 


Sun  Tea 


50 


Tavern  on  the  Green's  Meatloaf 


For  the  meatloaf: 
1  egg 

1/2  cup  milk 

3  slices  white  bread,  crust  trimmed,  bread  torn  into  small  pieces 

3/4  pound  bacon,  chopped  into  half-inch  pieces 

1  cup  celery,  finely  chopped 

1  cup  parsley,  finely  chopped 

1/2  cup  onion,  finely  chopped 

1/3  cup  ketchup 

1  garlic  clove,  minced 

3  tablespoons  Worcestershire  sauce 

1/4  teaspoon  Dijon  mustard 

1/8  teaspoon  dried  basil 

1/8  teaspoon  dried  thyme 

Pinch  of  nutmeg 

Salt  and  fresh  pepper,  to  taste 

1  1/2  pounds  ground  beef 

For  the  glaze: 
1/4  cup  tomato  paste 
1  tablespoon  olive  oil 
1/4  teaspoon  sugar 

In  a  large  bowl,  beat  together  the  eggs  and  milk.  Add  the  torn  bread 
and  let  it  absorb  the  liquid  for  about  15  minutes.  Meanwhile,  cook 
bacon  until  most  but  not  all  of  the  fat  is  rendered.  Drain  and  set 
aside  to  cool. 

Stir  the  bread  mixture  with  a  fork  to  blend.  Add  the  remaining 
meatloaf  ingredients,  including  the  drained  bacon,  but  not  the  beef, 
and  mix  thoroughly.  Fold  in  the  beef  and  mix  to  incorporate 
throughout,  being  careful  to  avoid  mashing  or  overhandling  the  meat. 
Cover  bowl  and  refrigerate  overnight. 

When  ready  to  cook,  preheat  oven  to  375  degrees.  Remove  bowl  from  the 
refrigerator  and  shape  meat  into  a  loaf  approximately  5  inches  long 
and  3  inches  high.  Place  in  the  middle  of  a  low-sided  baking  pan  and 
bake  for  35  minutes. 

In  a  small  bowl,  whisk  glaze  ingredients  together.  Brush  meatloaf 
with  glaze  and  bake  for  another  20  minutes.  Remove  meat  loaf  from  the 
oven  and  let  it  sit  for  a  few  minutes  before  slicing  and  serving. 


Tavern  on  the  Green's  Meatloaf 


51 


Tiger  Sauce 


1  (pint  jar)  pickled  hot  peppers 
1  (29  oz.)  can  tomato  puree 
1  (6  oz.)  can  tomato  sauce 
16  ounces  red  wine  vinegar 

1  (6  ounce  bottle)  Louisiana  Hot  Sauce  (3  oz.  for  milder  sauce) 
1  teaspoon  garlic  powder 
1  tablespoons  MSG  (Accent) 

4  tablespoons  red  pepper  flakes  (2  Tbs.  for  milder  sauce) 
1  cup  Bullseye  traditional  hickory  smoked  BBQ  sauce 

Remove  peppers  from  jar,  saving  vinegar  in  a  very  large  mixing  bowl. 
Cut  the  stems  from  the  peppers  and  discard.  Place  peppers  in  food 
processor,  or  blender,  and  puree  very  smooth.  Empty  contents  of 
blender  into  mixing  bowl  with  reserved  vinegar.  Add  all  the  remaining 
ingredients  into  the  bowl,  and  whisk  until  all  ingredients  are  evenly 
blended.  Bottle  and  store. 


Tiger  Sauce 


52 


Turtle  Cheesecake 


Layer  1 : 

2-1/2  Cups  graham  crackers 

1/2  Cup  sugar 

3/4  Cup  melted  butter 

Layer  2: 
30  caramels 
3  Tablespoons  milk 
1/2  Cup  chopped  pecans 

Layer  3: 

3  (8  ounces  each)  cream  cheese 

1  Cup  sugar 

1  Teaspoon  vanilla 

3  whole  eggs 

Topping: 
1/2  Cup  chopped  pecans 
1/2  Cup  hot  fudge,  heated 
10  melted  caramels 

-  Layer  1 

Mix  together  and  bake  in  9  inch  springform  pan  for  10  minutes.  Cool 

-  Layer  2 

Put  caramels  and  milk  in  microwave  and  melt  on  medium  heat.  Pour  over 
cooled  crust  and  sprinkle  on  the  pecans. 

-  Layer  3 

Mix  cream  cheese,  sugar  and  vanilla  until  smooth;  scraping  side  of 
bowl  periodically.  Add  eggs  one  at  a  time,  mixing  after  each  addition. 
Pour  this  over  caramel  layer.  Bake  at  325  until  center  is  set 
(approximately  30-40  minutes) 

-  Topping 

Place  pecans  around  outside  edge  of  cheesecake,  drizzle  with  melted 
caramel  and  hot  fudge. 


Turtle  Cheesecake 


53 


White  Fruit  Cake 


1  lb.  margarine  or  butter 

3  cups  sugar 

6  egg  yolks,  beaten 

In  large  bowl  or  pan,  cream  butter,  sugar  and  egg  yolks;  set  aside. 

5  cups  flour 

1  oz.  lemon  extract 
1  lb.  white  raisins 

8  oz.  each  red  &  green  candied  cherries 
8  oz.  candied  pineapple 
1  lb.  nuts 

1  teas,  soda,  dissolved  in  2  tbls.  water 
3  tbls.  water 

6  egg  whites 

Flour  raisins,  nuts  and  candied  fruit  in  part  of  flour.  Add  flour 
gradually  to  creamed  mixture,  then  add  floured  raisins,  nuts,  fruit, 
lemon  extract,  water  and  soda  mixture.  Mix  well. 
Beat  egg  whites  until  stiff  and  fold  into  mixture. 
Grease  and  flour  angel  food  pan  or  three  small  tube  pans. 
Bake  90  minutes  at  250  degrees  (if  using  small  tube  pans,  adjust  time) 
Cool  10  minutes  before  turning  out  of  pan. 


White  Fruit  Cake 


54 


Wonder  Bread 


1  1/4  cups  water 

4  1/2  teaspoons  dry  yeast 

2  tablespoons  sugar 
2  teaspoons  salt 

1/4  cup  unsalted  butter  -  melted 
4  cups  unbleached  all-purpose  flour 
1/4  cup  semolina 

(or,  another  1/4  cup  all-purpose  or  bread  flour) 
melted  butter  for  glazing 

Process  ingredients  on  the  dough  cycle  in  your  machine. 
Gently  deflate  dough.  Form  into  an  oblong  loaf  and  place  in  a 
lightly  greased  9"  x  5"  loaf  pan.  Place  entire  affair  in  a  large 
plastic  bag.  Allow  to  rise  until  the  dough  is  about  1  inch 
above  pan  rim.  Brush  with  melted  butter. 
Preheat  oven  to  350F. 
Bake  30  to  35  minutes  until  evenly  browned. 


Wonder  Bread 


55 


Worcestershire  Sauce 


1  tablespoon  olive  oil 

6  ounces  peeled  fresh  horseradish,  chopped 

2  medium  white  onions,  chopped 

3  tablespoons  minced  jalapeno  pepper 

3  tablespoons  minced  garlic 

1  teaspoon  coarsely  ground  black  pepper 

2  cups  water 

4  cups  distilled  white  vinegar 

1  cup  molasses 

2  cups  dark  corn  syrup 

1  ounce  chopped  anchovy  fillets,  drained 
12  whole  cloves 
1  tablespoon  Salt 
1  lemon,  peeled 

In  a  medium  saucepan,  heat  oil  over  medium  heat  and  add  horseradish, 
onions,  pepper  and  garlic.  Saute  until  translucent,  5  to  8  minutes. 
Add  all  other  ingredients.  Bring  to  a  boil.  Turn  heat  down,  and 
simmer  1  hour. 

Strain  through  a  double  thickness  of  cheesecloth  and  store  in  a 
wooden  cask,  if  possible.  This  is  best  if  allowed  to  mature  about 
a  month  before  using. 


Worcestershire  Sauce 


56 


