Welcome  To  E-Cookbooks! 


VJJE  Publishing  Co. 


Welcome  To  E-Cookbooks! 

Table  of  Contents 


Introduction:  1 

>  For  Optimal  Viewing:  2 

24  Hour  Potato  Salad.  3 

Amaretto  Mousse  Cheesecake  4 

Apple  Glazed  Pork  Roast  5 

Apple  Salad.  6 

Asparagus  Casserole  7 

Au  Gratin  Potatoes  8 

Baked  Potato  Salad.  9 

Barley  Casserole.  10 

Buttermilk  Coffee  Cake.  11 

Candied  Apples  12 

Cape  Cod  Apple  Cranberry  Pie.  13 

Cappuccino  Cooler.  14 

Carmel  Apple  Dip  15 

Chicken  in  Spiced  Sauce.  16 

Chickin'  Lickin'  Good  Pork  Chops  17 

Chinese  Chicken  Wings  18 

Chocolate  Kiss  Pie.  19 

Chocolate  Walnut  Biscotti.  20 

Christmas  Marmalade.  21 

C.M.P.  Cake.  22 

Coconut  Dream  Cake  23 

Cottage  Cheese  Pie.  24 


Welcome  To  E-Cookbooks! 

Table  of  Contents 


Crab  Stuffed  Zucchini.  25 

Cranberry  Nut  Scones  26 

Cream  Cheese  Cupcakes  27 

Cucumber  Boats.  28 

Easy  Low-fat  Chicken  Cordon  Bleu.  29 

Favorite  Meatloaf  30 

Green  Chile  Chicken  Enchiladas.  3 1 

Green  Chilies  Rellenos  Casserole  32 

Hot  Pecan  Brownies  33 

Italian  Stir  Fry.  34 

Kebab  Stew.  35 

Michigan  Sauce  36 

Mitch  Murray's  Mad  Tuna  Salad  37 

Onion  Cranberry  Relish.  38 

Paper  Sack  Chicken.  39 

Pepper  Pork  Medallions  40 

Pimento  Cheese  Dip  41 

Raspberry  Inferno  Sauce  42 

Really  Cool  Shrimp  Salad  43 

Reuben  Layered  Salad.  44 

Sea  Breeze  Scrambled  Eggs  45 

Strawberry  Pie  46 

Stuffed  Sausage  Shells  47 

Summer  Strawberry  Bread.  48 


ii 


Welcome  To  E-Cookbooks! 

Table  of  Contents 


Sweet  Potato-Pecan  Casserole.  49 

Tomato  Basil  Soup  50 

Veggie  Latkes  5 1 

Wild  Rice  and  Mushroom  Soup.  52 

Zucchini  Chocolate  Cake  53 


iii 


The  VJJE  Recipe  Weekly  Archives  2000 
Reader's  Favorite  Recipes 


www.e-cookbooks.net 


This  e-cookbook  may  be  distributed  freely: 
Pass  It  Along  To  A  Friend! 

(attach  it  in  your  next  email!) 

Thank  you  very  much  for  your  interest  in  our  recipes.  If  you 
have  any  questions  or  comments,  please  email: 
support(a>e-cookbooks.net 


FREE  Recipes  By  Email: 
Subscribe  to  the  VJJE  Recipe  Weekly 


Introduction: 


1 


>  For  Optimal  Viewing 


To  utilize  this  e-cookbook  efficiently,  we  suggest  the  following: 
•  Click  "View"  at  the  top  of  the  toolbar.  There  should  only  be  two  items 


•  Click  "Actual  Size"  if  anything  in  the  top  section  is  checked  (if  the  setting  is 
right  there  will  be  nothing  checked). 

•  Make  sure  "Continuous"  is  checked. 

•  Make  Sure  "Bookmarks  and  Page"  is  checked. 

•  Browse  through  the  recipes.  To  print,  click  "File"  then  "Print". 


checked. 


Discover  Our  Private  Library  Of  Electronic  Books: 


C  The  VJJE-Book  Library 
electronic-book-library.com 


>  For  Optimal  Viewing: 


2 


24  Hour  Potato  Salad 


1  medium  head  cabbage  ...  shredded  fine 
6  small  potatoes  ..  boiled  and  thinly  sliced 
6  boiled  eggs  ..  thinly  sliced 

1  onion  ..  sliced  real  fine  ..  in  rings  (or  chopped  small) 
1  Bell  pepper ..  sliced  thin  in  rings  (or  chopped  real  fine) 
Mayonnaise  (this  takes  a  LOT  of  mayonnaise) 
Salt  and  Pepper 

Place  layer  of  shredded  cabbage  in  round  salad  bowl,  then  a 
layer  of  potatoes,  layer  of  sliced  eggs,  layer  of  onion  and  Bell 
pepper  rings. 

REPEAT  LAYERS.  BETWEEN  EACH  LAYER,  ADD  A  THIN  LAYER 
OF  MAYONNAISE,  SALT  AND  PEPPER  TO  TASTE. 
Cover  and  Refrigerate  24-hours. 


24  Hour  Potato  Salad 


3 


Amaretto  Mousse  Cheesecake 


Macaroon  Crust: 
1  -  7  oz  package  of  Coconut  Lightly  Toasted  in  the  oven 
1/2  cup  of  sliced  almonds  lightly  Toasted  in  the  oven 
1  Can  of  Sweetened  Condensed  Milk 
1/3  cup  of  flour 
1/4  cup  of  margarine 

Mix  well  and  press  into  a  springform  pan  and  set  aside 

For  Cheesecake: 
1  envelope  of  Knox  Gelatin 
1/2  cup  cold  water 
3  -  8  oz  packages  of  cream  cheese 
1  -  5  oz  can  of  evaporated  milk 
1/3  cup  of  Amaretto  Liquor 
1  -12  oz  frozen  whipped  topping 
1  1/2  cups  of  sugar 
1  teaspoon  of  lemon  juice 
1  teaspoon  of  vanilla 

Garnish: 
whipped  topping 
marachino  cherries 
melted  chocolate  chips 

Sprinkle  Knox  over  cold  water  and  set  aside  to  soften,  stir  over 
low  heat  until  dissolved.  Beat  cream  cheese  with  sugar  until  fluffy, 
gradually  add  evaporated  milk  and  lemon  juice.  Gradually  beat  in  Knox 
mixture,  Amaretto  and  vanilla  until  blended.  Fold  in  the  whipped 
topping.  Pour  into  crust  and  chill.  Garnish  with  "balls"  of  whipped 
topping  dotted  with  marachino  cherries  and  sprinkled  with  sliced 
almonds  and  drizzled  with  ribbons  of  melted  chocolate  chips. 


Amaretto  Mousse  Cheesecake 


4 


Apple  Glazed  Pork  Roast 


2-3  lbs.  pork  loin  roast  (boneless) 
2  Tablespoons  flour 

1  Tablespoon  caraway  seed 
salt  to  taste 

pepper  to  taste 

2  Cups  applesauce 
2  Cups  brown  sugar 

Mix  salt,  pepper,  caraway  seed,  and  flour  together  and  rub  in 
to  roast.  Set  on  counter  for  30  minutes.  Place  in  a  350  degree 
oven  for  1  hour.  Mix  applesauce  and  brown  sugar  together  and 
pour  over  the  roast.  Continue  baking  for  an  additional  one 
to  one  and  a  half  hours  or  until  done. 


Apple  Glazed  Pork  Roast 


5 


Apple  Salad 


1  -  20  oz  can  pineapple  chunks 

2  quarts  chopped  red-skinned  apples  (skins  left  on) 
2  cups  green  seedless  grapes,  halved 

1  1/2  cups  toasted  pecans 
1  cup  celery 

1/2  cup  chopped  fresh  parsley 

Dressing: 
1/2  stick  butter 
1/4  cup  sugar 

1  tablespoon  lemon  juice 

2  tablespoons  cornstarch 
1  cup  mayonnaise 

Drain  pineapple,  reserving  the  juice  and  set  chunks  aside. 
Prepare  the  dressing:  In  small  sauce  pan  combine  the  pineapple  juice, 
butter,  sugar,  and  lemon  juice  and  bring  to  a  boil  over  medium  heat. 
In  a  small  bowl  combine  the  cornstarch  and  enough  water  to  make  a 
smooth  mixture;  add  to  the  boiling  juice.  Reduce  heat  and  cook  until 
mixture  is  thick  and  smooth.  Chill.  Whisk  in  the  mayonnaise. 
(This  can  be  done  in  advance.) 

Place  the  pineapple  chunks  and  the  rest  of  the  salad  ingredients  in 
a  large  bowl.  Toss  well;  then  mix  in  the  chilled  dressing. 


Apple  Salad 


6 


Asparagus  Casserole 


GUARANTEED  TO  THRILL  EVEN  THOSE  WHO  HATE  ASPARAGUS 

1  sleeve  of  Ritz  crackers 
1/2  lb  sharp  cheddar  cheese 
5  boiled  eggs 

1  can  cream  of  mushroom  soup 
1  can  of  asparagus  (bits  is  cheaper) 

Make  a  crust  of  crackers  in  bottom  of  cassorole  dish. 
Drain  asparagus  and  save  juice.  Place  them  on  top  of 
crackers  then  layer  with  sliced  boiled  eggs,  cheese 
(sliced  thinly),  and  cover  with  soup.  Add  another  layer 
of  crackers  and  pour  asparagus  juice  over  top. 
Bake  at  350 F  for  40  min. 


Asparagus  Casserole 


7 


Au  G  rat  in  Potatoes 


8  medium  russets,  peeled  and  sliced  thin 
(keep  in  cold  water  until  needed) 

In  a  large  saucepan  over  medium  heat,  make  a  roux  from: 

3  tablespoons  butter 
3  tablespoons  flour 

Cook  for  a  minute,  it  will  be  a  paste  mixture...  Do  not  brown! 
Stirring  constantly,  Slowly  Slowly  add: 

2  1/2  cups  of  milk  (2%  is  OK) 

Stirring  constantly  add: 

1  lb.  of  grated  SHARP  cheddar  cheese 

Keep  stirring  until  all  cheese  is  melted.  Drain  the  potatoes  and  put 
into  a  BUTTERED  large  casserole  dish.  Add  the  sauce  and  stir  to  cover 
all  the  potatoes.  Put  in  350F  oven  for  2  hrs.  If  you  don't  like  the 
top  to  get  too  brown,  cover  with  foil  after  one  hour. 


Au  Gratin  Potatoes 


8 


Baked  Potato  Salad 


8  potatoes 

1/2  pound  bacon 

1  pound  processed  American  cheese,  sliced 
1/2  onion,  chopped 
1  cup  mayonnaise 
salt  and  pepper  to  taste 
1/4  cup  black  olives,  sliced 

Preheat  oven  to  325F.  Butter  one  9x13  inch  baking  dish. 

Bring  a  large  pot  of  salted  water  to  a  boil.  Add  potatoes  and  cook 

until  tender  but  still  firm,  about  15  minutes.  Drain,  cool  and  slice 

1/4  inch  thick.  Place  bacon  in  a  large,  deep  skillet.  Cook  over  medium 

high  heat  until  lightly  brown.  Drain,  chop  and  set  aside. 

Combine  the  potatoes,  cheese,  onion,  mayonnaise  and  salt  and  pepper. 

Mix  well  and  pour  into  prepared  baking  dish. 

Top  with  bacon  and  olives,  and  bake  at  325F  for  1  hour. 


Baked  Potato  Salad 


9 


Barley  Casserole 


1  box  Pearled  Barley  -  uncooked 
3  Tbsp.  Oleo 

1  -  1 5  oz.  can  mushrooms,  pieces  &  stems  or  sliced  -  drain  with 

liquid  going  into  a  large  measuring  cup 
1  small  onion  diced  -  or  equivalent  dried  onion  flakes 
1  can  Cream  of  Celery  soup 

1  Beef  bouillion  cube 

2  Tblsp.  dried  Parsley  Flakes 
Salt  &  Pepper 

Melt  oleo  and  lightly  brown  uncooked  barley  in  large  frying  pan. 
Remove  from  heat. 

Place  bouillion  cube  in  a  cup  and  add  just  enough  HOT  water  to 
dissolve  the  cube  -  set  aside. 

To  the  browned  barley  -  add  all  the  ingredients  above  EXCEPT  for 
the  mushroom  liquid.  This  includes  the  dissolved  bouillion  cube  as  well. 
Mix  well.  Pour  into  a  greased,  2-1/2  to  3  qt.  casserole  dish. 
Add  water  to  the  mushroom  liquid  to  equal  4  cups.  Add  to  the  barley 
mixture,  stir  gently,  cover. 

Bake:  350  degrees  for  90  minutes  -  stirring  once  halfway  through 
baking  time. 

During  baking  if  becomes  too  dry,  add  a  little  water.  End  results 
should  be  like  cooked  rice  -  moist  but  not  dry  or  watery. 


Barley  Casserole 


10 


Buttermilk  Coffee  Cake 


Preheat  oven  to  350  degrees 

3/4  cup  butter  or  margarine  (softened) 

2  cups  sugar 

3  cups  flour 

Mix  into  crumbs  and  put  aside  1  cup  for  topping, 
divide  into  two  equal  amounts.  Put  aside. 

Then  add  to  the  rest  of  the  crumbs; 

1  cup  of  buttermilk  and  1  teaspoon  baking  soda,  mixing  them 
together  first. 

1  teaspoon  of  tartar 

2  eggs 

1  teaspoon  vanilla 

Mix  all  together,  you  may  have  to  add  a  little  more  buttermilk,  but 
don't  have  the  batter  runny,  it  should  be  a  little  on  the  thick  side, 
but  pourable. 

Grease  and  flour  two  (2)  8  or  9  inch  round  cake  pans,  pour  the 
batter  into  the  pans  and  put  the  crumbs  on  top  of  both,  pat 
down  a  little. 

Bake  at  350  degrees  for  about  20  to  25  minutes  or  till  a  toothpick 
comes  out  clean. 

These  cakes  are  great  for  freezing,  if  you  want  to  make  ahead, 
and  have  extra's  on  hand.  Wrap  in  Saran  Wrap  for  best  results, 
then  put  into  a  freezer  bag. 


Buttermilk  Coffee  Cake 


11 


Candied  Apples 


2  cups  Light  Corn  Syrup 
1  cup  Granulated  Sugar 
1/2  cup  Cinnamon  Red  Hot  Candies 

8  medium  Red  Delicious  Apples,  washed,  skewered  with  sticks 
Chopped  Walnuts  or  Pecans,  optional 

Combine  the  corn  syrup,  sugar  and  red  hot  candies  in  a  sauce  pan 
and  bring  the  concoction  to  a  boil  over  medium-high  heat,  stirring 
constantly.  Cook,  covered  for  about  3  minutes  to  allow  steam  to 
dissolve  crystals  that  may  form  on  sides  of  pan. 
Uncover  and  cook  without  stirring  to  the  soft  crack  stage, 
290F  degrees  on  a  candy  thermometer  or  until  syrup  dropped  in  very 
cold  water  separates  into  threads  that  are  hard  but  not  brittle. 
Allow  the  hot  candy  mixture  to  cool  for  2  minutes,  then  dip  the 
apples  into  the  mixture  to  coat  the  surface  of  the  fruit.  Allow  any 
excess  candy  coating  to  drip  off  from  the  apples  into  the  sauce  pan. 
Roll  the  candy  coated  apples  in  nuts,  if  desired. 
Place  the  candied  apples  on  foil  or  wax  paper  squares  to  cool 
completely. 


Candied  Apples 


12 


Cape  Cod  Apple  Cranberry  Pie 


1/  2  cup  sugar 

2  Tablespoons  flour 
1/4  teaspoon  cinnamon 
1/4  teaspoon  salt 

1  teaspoon  grated  orange  peel 
1/2  cup  maple  syrup 
1  Tablespoon  butter 
1  1/2  cups  cranberries 

3  cups  sliced  peeled  apples 
Pastry  for  2  crust  9  inch  pie 

Combine  first  7  ingredients.  Cook  2  minutes,  stirring  until  sugar 
dissolves.  Add  cranberries.  Boil  2  minutes.  Fold  in  apple  slices 
and  cool.  Pour  into  pastry-lined  9  inch  pan.  Make  lattice  strips  of 
pastry  dough  over  filling.  Trim  edges.  Bake  at  425F  40-45  minutes. 


Cape  Cod  Apple  Cranberry  Pie 


13 


Cappuccino  Cooler 


1  1/2  cups  cold  coffee  (try  flavored  coffee  too!) 
1  1/2  cups  chocolate  frozen  yogurt  or  ice  cream 
1/4  cup  chocolate  syrup 
Crushed  ice 

In  a  blender,  combine  coffee,  ice  cream,  and  syrup. 
Pour  over  ice  (it  has  to  be  CRUSHED  ice!).  Garnish  with 
whipped  topping  and  cinnamon,  or  shaved  chocolate. 


Cappuccino  Cooler 


14 


Carmel  Apple  Dip 


1  can  sweetened  condensed  milk 
1  cup  dark  brown  sugar 
1  cup  dark  corn  syrup 
1  tsp.  vanilla 

1  8  oz.  package  cream  cheese 

In  heavy  sauce  pan  add  milk,  brown  sugar,  corn  syrup  till  well 
blended  and  boil  for  3  minutes  stirring  constantly.  Let  cool 
in  pan.  Whip  cream  cheese  until  soft  and  add  to  the  cooled 
carmel.  Blend  together.  Add  chopped  pecans  or  chopped 
peanuts  on  top.  Eat  with  granny  smith  apples. 


Carmel  Apple  Dip 


15 


Chicken  in  Spiced  Sauce 


2  1/2  lbs.  boneless  chicken 

3  tablespoons  vegetable  oil 
I  1/2  tablespoon  flour 

1/3  cup  salt-free  canned  tomatoes 

1/3  cup  water 

1  tablespoon  lemon  juice 

4  tablespoons  chopped  onion 

3  tablespoons  poultry  seasoning 

1/4  teaspoon  paprika 

1/8  teaspoon  black  pepper 

1/8  teaspoon  garlic  pepper 

Rice 

Cut  chicken  into  individual  pieces.  Heat  oil  in  large 
pan.  Roll  chicken  in  flour  and  brown  in  oil  over  moderate 
heat.  Add  tomatoes  and  water,  and  cook  30  to  40  minutes 
or  until  tender.  Add  remaining  ingredients  15  minutes 
before  chicken  is  ready  to  serve.  Serve  over  rice. 


Chicken  in  Spiced  Sauce 


16 


Chickin'  Lickin'  Good  Pork  Chops 


6-8  lean  pork  chops  (1  in.  thick) 
1/2  cup  flour 
1  tbsp.  salt 

1  1/2  tsp.  dry  mustard 
1/2  tsp.  garlic  powder 

2  tbsp.  oil 

2  cans  chicken  &  rice  soup  (use  more  if  you  feel  like  it...) 

Dredge  pork  chops  in  mixture  of  flour,  salt,  dry  mustard,  and 
garlic  powder.  Brown  in  oil  in  large  skillet.  Place  browned  pork 
chops  in  crock  pot.  Add  soup.  Cover  and  cook  on  low  for  6-8  hours, 
or  on  HIGH  for  3  1/2  hours. 


Chickin'  Lickin'  Good  Pork  Chops 


17 


Chinese  Chicken  Wings 


2  dozen  chicken  wings,  cut  in  pieces  at  joint 
(discard  wing  tips) 

Mix  together: 

1/2  cup  brown  sugar 

1/2  cup  soy  sauce 

1  Tablespoon  ground  ginger 

1  Tablespoon  dry  mustard 

1/2  teaspoon  garlic  powder 

Directions: 

In  large  non-metal  bowl,  marinate  wings  over  night.  Place  on 
cookie  sheet  close  together  and  bake,  uncovered  for  60-90  minutes 
at  300  degrees  F.  Baste  wings  frequently. 


Chinese  Chicken  Wings 


18 


Chocolate  Kiss  Pie 


1  12-13-ounce  package  chocolate  kisses 

2  ounces  milk 

1  8-ounce  package  cream  cheese 

1  12-ounce  carton  frozen  whipped  topping,  thawed 

1  chocolate  ready-made  pie  crust 

Remove  foil  wrappers  and  melt  kisses  over  medium  heat  in  the 
milk.  When  melted,  add  cream  cheese  and  stir  until  completely  melted. 
Rapidly  stir  in  whipped  topping  with  the  heat  off.  (Be  careful  it 
doesn't  burn).  Pour  into  crust.  Refrigerate  until  set.  Serves  6-8. 


Chocolate  Kiss  Pie 


19 


Chocolate  Walnut  Biscotti 


4  oz.  semisweet  chocolate,  coursely  chopped. 

1  cup  granulated  sugar 

1  3/4  cups  all  purpose  flour 

1/3  cup  unsweetened  cocoa  powder 

1  teaspoon  baking  soda 

1/4  teaspoon  salt 

3  eggs 

1  teaspoon  vanilla  extract 

2  1/2  cups  coarsely  chopped  walnuts 

Preheat  oven  to  300  F.  Line  a  large  baking  sheet  with  parchment 
paper  or  waxed  paper. 

In  a  food  processor  fitted  with  the  metal  blade,  combine  the 
chocolate  and  sugar  and  grind  until  the  chocolate  is  very  fine. 
Set  aside.  In  a  bowl,  sift  together  the  flour,  cocoa  powder, 
baking  soda  and  salt.  Set  aside. 

In  a  mixing  bowl  combine  the  eggs  and  the  vanilla.  Beat  at  medium 
speed  to  blend.  Reduce  the  speed  to  low,  add  the  chocolate  and 
flour  mixtures  and  mix  until  a  stiff  dough  forms,  adding  the  walnuts 
when  about  half  mixed.  Transfer  the  dough  to  a  floured  surface 
and  gather  it  together.  Divide  in  half.  Form  each  half  into  a  log 
12  inches  long.  Carefully  transfer  the  logs  to  the  prepared  baking 
sheet,  spacing  them  evenly.  Pat  to  even  up  the  shapes.  Bake  until 
almost  firm  to  the  touch,  about  50  min.  Let  cool  for  10  min. 
Leave  the  oven  set  at  300  F. 

Using  a  spatula,  transfer  the  logs  to  a  work  surface.  Using  a 
serrated  knife,  cut  on  the  diagonal  into  slices  1/2-3/4  inch  thick. 
Return  the  slices  cut-side  down  to  the  baking  sheet.  Bake  for 
25  min.  Turn  the  slices  over  and  bake  until  crispy  and  dry,  about 
25  min.  longer. 

Transfer  the  cookies  to  wire  racks  to  cool.  Store  in  an  airtight 
container  at  room  temperature  for  up  to  1  month. 
Makes  about  2  1/2  dozen 


Chocolate  Walnut  Biscotti 


20 


Christmas  Marmalade 


1  large  lemon 

1  large  (20  oz.)  can  crushed  pineapple 
3  oranges 

1  jar  maraschino  cherries,  drained  &  cut  up 
1/2  cup  chopped  walnuts  (optional) 
6  cups  sugar 
1/2  cup  water 

Grind  lemon  and  oranges.  Add  pineapple  and  1/2  cup  water. 
Bring  to  a  boil  and  cook  about  45  minutes.  Add  6  cups  sugar  and 
jar  of  cherries.  Add  nuts.  Cook  until  it  jells,  about  30  minutes. 
Pour  into  4  or  6-ounce  sterilized  jars;  seal  and  process  according  to 
jar  manufacturer's  directions. 


Christmas  Marmalade 


21 


CM. P.  Cake 


CRUST: 
2/3  cup  ground  peanuts 
1  cup  flour 

1  stick  margarine  or  butter  (room  temp.) 
Mix  as  for  pie  crust,  pat  into  9x13  pan  or  glass  casserole. 
Bake  20  minutes  at  350F. 

LAYER  #1 : 

1/4  cup  peanut  butter  (creamy  style) 

1  -  8  oz.  cream  cheese  (room  temp.) 
Cream  until  smooth  add: 

1/2  cup  powdered  sugar 
Mix  well,  add: 

1  -  8  oz.  cool  whip 

Let  stand  before  spreading  on  cool  crust. 

LAYER  #2: 

2  3/4  cup  milk 

1  small  pkg  vanilla  instant  pudding 
1  small  pkg  chocolate  instant  pudding 
Beat  until  smooth,  spread  on  top  of  peanut  butter  mixture. 

LAYER  #3 

1  -  8  oz.  cool  whip 
Spread  on  top  of  pudding  mixture.  Sprinkle  with  crushed  peanuts. 
Refrigerate  until  firm  and  serve.  May  be  frozen  in  advance. 


CM. P.  Cake 


22 


Coconut  Dream  Cake 


1  BOX  DUNCAN  HINES  BUTTER  RECIPE  CAKE  MIX 
1  CAN  COCO  LOPEZ  OR  CREAM  OF  COCONUT 
1  CAN  SWEETENED  CONDENSED  MILK 
1  SMALL  TUB  COOL  WHIP 
6  OZ.  SHREDDED  COCONUT 
1/2  CUP  CHOCOLATE  SYRUP 

BAKE  CAKE  ACCORDING  TO  DIRECTIONS,  REMOVE  FROM  OVEN. 
MIX  COCO  LOPEZ  AND  SWEETENED  CONDENSED  MILK.  PUNCH 
HOLES  IN  CAKE  WITH  STRAW  OR  FORK,  POUR  MIXTURE  OVER 
CAKE  IMMEDIATELY  WHILE  STILL  WARM,  REFRIGERATE,  UNTIL  COOL, 

POUR  CHOCOLATE  SYRUP  OVER  CAKE,  FROST  WITH  COOL  WHIP 
AND  SPRINKLE  THE  SHREDDED  COCONUT  OVER  CAKE. 
KEEP  REFRIGERATED. 


Coconut  Dream  Cake 


23 


Cottage  Cheese  Pie 


4  eggs 

1  cup  sugar 

4  teaspoons  vanilla 

2  tablespoons  flour 

1  can  Pet  milk  (or  any  evaporated  milk) 

1  Lb.  Cottage  Cheese 

Nutmeg 

Beat  first  six  ingredients  well  in  a  Blender.  Pour  into  two  (2) 
unbaked  pie  shells  and  sprinkle  nutmeg  over  the  tops.  Bake  in  a 
very  slow  (250  degrees)  oven  for  about  one  hour. 


Cottage  Cheese  Pie 


24 


Crab  Stuffed  Zucchini 


1/2  lb.  imitation  crab 
4  zucchini  (about  7") 
2  eggs,  beaten 

1  cup  shredded  Cheddar  cheese 

1/2  cup  small  curd  cottage  cheese 

1/4  cup  green  onion,  chopped  fine,  green  part  too 

1/2  tsp.  salt 

dash  pepper 

Wash  zucchini  and  trim  ends.  Cook  until  tender  in 

boiling  salted  water  and  cover  for  about  10  minutes. 

Cut  zucchini  in  half  lengthwise,  scoop  out  seeds  and 

drain  zucchini  shells.  Combine  crab  and  remaining  ingredients. 

Spoon  into  shells  and  bake  on  greased  baking  sheet  at 

350  degrees  for  15  minutes,  then  450  for  5  minutes. 


Crab  Stuffed  Zucchini 


25 


Cranberry  Nut  Scones 


2  cups  all  purpose  flour 
1/4  cup  sugar 

1  Tablespoon  baking  powder 
1/4  teaspoon  salt 

1/3  cup  cold  butter  or  margarine  (Butter  is  best) 

1/2  cup  chopped  nuts  (your  choice,  I  use  pecans) 

1/2  cup  dried  fruit  cut  in  small  pieces  (I  use  dried  sweetened 

cranberries) 
1  Tablespoon  grated  orange  peel 
I  cup  heavy  cream  (whipping  cream) 

In  medium  bowl,  mix  all  dry  ingredients  and  cut  in  butter  till  it 
looks  like  fine  crumbs.  Then  add  your  dried  fruit,  chopped  nuts  & 
grated  orange  peel.  With  a  fork  mix  in  the  cream,  just  till  all 
ingredients  are  moist.  Remove  to  knead  about  8  times  on  lightly 
floured  surface.  Divide  dough  in  half  and  pat  into  2-6  inch  circles. 
Cut  each  circle  into  8  triangles  and  place  the  triangles  on  an 
ungreased  baking  sheet  leaving  about  1  inch  between  them  and  bake 
about  15  minutes  in  375  oven.  Serve  with  jam  of  your  choice. 
You  can  also  serve  with  Devonshire  Cream: 

Take  3  ounces  of  cream  cheese  and  add  4  teaspoons  of  confectioners 
sugar  and  1  teaspoon  vanilla.  Mix  well  and  add  about  1/3  cup  heavy 
cream  till  smooth.  Refrigerate  till  ready  to  eat.  Place  on  top  of 
scone  with  jam  on  top.  Super  delicious!!!!!! 


Cranberry  Nut  Scones 


26 


Cream  Cheese  Cupcakes 


3  -  8  oz.  Pkgs.  Cream  cheese 

5  eggs 

1  cup  sugar 

1  1/2  teaspoons  vanilla 

Have  cheese  and  eggs  at  room  temperature.  Blend  cream  cheese 
thoroughly  and  add  eggs  one  at  a  time.  Gradually  add  sugar  and 
vanilla.  Fill  cupcakes  to  1/4  inch  of  top.  Bake  at  300  degrees 
until  top  cracks  (40  minutes).  Remove  from  oven  and  cool  5  minutes. 

Topping: 
1/2  pint  sour  cream 
1/4  teaspoon  vanilla 
1/2  cup  sugar 

1  can  cherry  or  strawberry  pie  filling 

Mix  sour  cream,  vanilla  and  sugar.  Spread  on  top  of  cupcakes  and 
bake  5  minutes  at  300  degrees.  Top  with  pie  filling  and  refrigerate. 

For  calorie/fat  conscious  individuals,  low  fat  cream  cheese,  sour 
cream  and  egg  substitutes  can  be  used. 


Cream  Cheese  Cupcakes 


27 


Cucumber  Boats 


2  large  cucumbers  (very  straight) 
2  oz.  mushrooms  chopped  finely 

1  large  tomato,  chopped  finely 

2  spring  onions  (scallions),  chopped  finely 

1  clove  garlic,  crushed  or  chopped  very  finely 
1/4  cup  plain  yogurt 

3  oz.  Gruyere  (or  other  mild)  cheese,  grated 

Quarter  the  cucumbers  but  do  not  peel.  Scoop  out  the  seeds  to  make 
hollows.  Discard  the  seeds.  Simmer  cucumber  quarters  for  7-8  minutes 
until  slightly  tender.  Drain  upside  down  on  kitchen  paper  and  cool. 
Refrigerate  until  ready  to  fill. 

Mix  all  other  ingredients  except  cheese.  Refrigerate  for  30  minutes. 
Then  fill  the  'boats'  with  the  mixture.  Cover  tops  of  'boats'  with 
grated  cheese  and  place  under  very  hot  grill/broiler  until  cheese 
is  melted  and  bubbling  slightly. 

Serve  immediately  as  an  appetizer  with  hot  crusty  French  bread. 


Cucumber  Boats 


28 


Easy  Low-fat  Chicken  Cordon  Bleu 


4  boneless,  skinless  chicken  breasts 
8  slices  thin  deli  ham 

4  slices  low  fat  swiss  cheese  (can  use  regular  Swiss  Cheese,  too!) 
Butter  Buds  (regular  butter  works  fine,  too,  but  forget  the 

"low  fat"  title,  then!) 
Shredded  Wheat  biscuits  (large  ones),  crumbled 

Pound  chicken  breasts  with  kitchen  mallet  to  tenderize  and  flatten. 
On  each  breast,  place  2  pieces  of  the  ham  (spread  out  to  cover  breast), 
1  slice  Swiss  Cheese  (place  in  the  middle).  Roll  each  breast  up  and 
secure  with  toothpick.  Dip  each  rolled  breast  into  Butter  Buds 
(made  with  liquid),  then  roll  in  Sredded  Wheat.  Bake  at  350  degrees 
for  about  30  minutes,  until  browned. 


Easy  Low-fat  Chicken  Cordon  Bleu 


29 


Favorite  Meatloaf 


1  1/2  pounds  lean  ground  beef 

1/2  pound  ground  sausage 

1/3-1/2  package  seasoned  bread  crumbs 

1-2  eggs 

1-2  tablespoon  milk 

1/4  cup  ketchup 

1  finely  chopped  onion 

1/2  finely  chopped  green  pepper 

1  clove  garlic,  pressed  and  finely  chopped 

1-2  tablespoons  steak  sauce 

1-2  tablespoon  Worcestershire  sauce 

1-2  cups  grated  Cheddar  cheese 

4-6  slices  uncooked  bacon 

Mix  everything  together  (except  the  bacon)  until  uniformly 
blended.  Shape  into  a  loaf  and  place  in  a  large  loaf  pan  or 
baking  dish.  Lay  the  bacon  side  by  side  lengthwise  on  top 
of  the  meatloaf.  Cover  with  aluminum  foil  and  bake  at  350F 
for  1  hour.  Then  uncover  and  bake  an  additional  half  hour. 


Favorite  Meatloaf 


30 


Green  Chile  Chicken  Enchiladas 


12  corn  tortillas 
1/2  cup  oil 

12  ounces  Monterey  Jack  cheese,  shredded 
3/4  cup  onion,  chopped  fine 
1/4  cup  butter 
1/4  cup  flour 

2  cups  chicken  broth 

4  ounces  green  chile,  chopped 
1  cup  sour  cream 

3  chicken  breast  halves  without  skin,  boiled  and  shredded 
chopped  green  onion  and  cilantro,  garnish 

Cook  tortillas  in  hot  oil  until  softened  (5  seconds,  one  at  a  time) 
Place  some  chicken,  cheese,  and  onion  on  each  tortilla  and  roll  up. 
Place  seam  side  down  in  greased  baking  pan. 
Melt  butter,  add  flour,  stir  well.  Add  broth;  cook  till  thick.  Stir 
in  sour  cream  and  chiles.  Stir  until  heated.  Pour  over  enchiladas. 
Bake  at  375F  for  20  minutes  or  until  heated  through.  Put  remaining 
cheese  on  top  and  return  to  oven  for  5  more  minutes.  Garnish  with 
chopped  green  onions  and  cilantro. 


Green  Chile  Chicken  Enchiladas 


31 


Green  Chilies  Rellenos  Casserole 


3  -  7  oz.  cans  of  Old  Elpaso  whole  Green  Chilies 
1/2  Lb.  Grated  Sharp  Cheddar  Cheese  (large  grate) 
1/2  Lb.  Grated  Monterey  Jack  Cheese  (large  grate) 

1  -  12  oz  Can  Evaporated  Milk 

4  eggs,  separated 
3  Tablespoon  Flour 

2  cups  Tomato  sauce 
1/2  teaspoon  Salt 

(Open  Chilies  and  remove  seeds) 

Using  a  13x9  glass  casserole  dish,  cover  the  bottom  with 

1/2  of  the  Chilies.  Cover  Chilies  with  1/2  of  the  Cheddar  Cheese. 

Now  add  1/2  the  Monterey  Jack  Cheese. 

Layer  on  your  remainder  of  Chilies-Cheddar-and  Jack. 

Beat  egg  yokes;  add  Milk,  Flour,  salt  and  mix.  Beat  egg  whites 
to  soft  peeks  and  carefully  fold  into  flour  mixture. 
Pour  this  over  top  of  Chili  Cheese  layers  and  bake  covered  at 
325F  for  1  Hr.  Uncover,  add  Tomato  sauce,  and  return  to  325F  oven 
uncovered  for  1/2  hr.  Let  cool  for  15  min.  and  enjoy. 


Green  Chilies  Rellenos  Casserole 


32 


Hot  Pecan  Brownies 


For  chocolate  sauce: 
3/4  cup  packed  dark  brown  sugar 
1/4  cup  unsweetened  cocoa  powder 
1  cup  water 

1  cup  heavy  cream 

2  tablespoons  vanilla 

1/2  teaspoon  instant  coffee 

For  brownie  layer: 

1  cup  all-purpose  flour 
3/4  cup  granulated  sugar 

1/4  cup  unsweetened  cocoa  powder 

2  teaspoons  baking  powder 
1/2  teaspoon  salt 

1/2  cup  well-shaken  buttermilk 
1/2  stick  unsalted  butter,  melted 
1  teaspoon  vanilla 

1/2  cup  pecans,  toasted  and  chopped 
Preheat  oven  to  350  degrees  F. 

Stir  together  sauce  ingredients  with  a  pinch  of  salt  in  a  sauce-pan 
and  bring  to  a  simmer  over  moderate  heat,  stirring  occassionally  until 
smooth.  Remove  from  heat  and  keep  hot,  covered. 
Sift  together  flour,  sugar,  cocoa  and  baking  powders,  and  salt  into 
a  large  bowl.  Stir  in  buttermilk,  butter,  vanilla,  and  nuts  until  just 
blended.  Spread  batter  in  a  greased  8"x8"  pan  and  pour  hot  sauce  on 
top.  Bake  in  middle  of  oven  until  the  top  is  firm  a  dry  to  the  touch 
(brownie  layer  will  rise  to  the  top,  and  sauce  will  sink),  35-40 
minutes.  Cool  in  pan  on  a  rack  15  minutes.  Spoon  brownies  and  sauce 
onto  plates  and  serve  with  ice-cream  and  nuts. 


Hot  Pecan  Brownies 


33 


Italian  Stir  Fry 


Serves  2  (or  3  light  eaters) 

1/2  pound  mild  Italian  sausage 
1  clove  garlic,  minced 
1/2  teaspoon  Italian  herbs 

1/2  cup  each  green,  yellow  and  red  bell  peppers,  cut  into 
1/2  to  3/4  inch  chunks  (or  1-1/2  cups  green  if  yellow 
and  red  aren't  available) 

1/2  medium  onion,  cut  into  1/2  to  3/4  inch  chunks 

3  or  4  medium  mushrooms,  sliced 

Brown  sausage  in  nonstick  skillet  over  medium  high  heat, 
breaking  it  up  as  it  cooks.  Drain  off  fat.  Add  garlic  and  herbs. 
Stir  well.  Add  peppers,  onions  and  mushrooms.  Cook  quickly  until 
vegetables  are  just  crispy  tender. 

Serve  with  a  side  of  fresh  cooked  vermicelli  topped  with  a  tomato 
pasta  sauce  (I  use  Five  Brothers'  Marinara  with  Burgundy  Wine), 
and  fresh  grated  Parmesan  cheese. 


Italian  Stir  Fry 


34 


Kebab  Stew 


2  LBS  EGGPLANT  (LONG) 

2  LBS  MEDIUM  FAT  GRAUND  BEEF 
1  LARGE  ONION 

3  TOMATOES  (CUT  IN  4) 

1  TABLESPOON  TOMATO  PASTE 

SALT  +  PEPPER 

1  TABLESPOON  BUTTER 

1  LEMON  JUICE 

PEEL  EGGPLANTS,  CUT  LONGWISE  AND  THEN  2  INCH  THICK. 
IN  A  SEPERATE  BOWL  COMBINE  GROUND  BEEF  WITH  SALT  AND 
PEPPER.  ON  A  SKEWER,  PUT  ONE  EGGLANT,  ONE  WALNUT  SIZE 
BEEF  BALL.  AND  THEN  2  EGGLANT,  ONE  BEEF  BALL.  REPEAT. 

(TOTAL  3  BEEF  BALLS  AND  6  EGGPLANTS) 

ON  CHARCOAL,  BARBECUE  THE  SKEWERS.  ALSO,  BARBECUE 
THE  TOMATOES  ON  SKEWERS. 

IN  THE  MEANTIME,  PUT  A  CASSEROLE  ON  THE  STOVE  TOP  WITH 
1  TABLESPOON  BUTTER.  WHEN  MELTED  PUT  DICED  ONIONS, 
STIR  UNTIL  SOFTENED,  THEN  PUT  TOMATO  PASTE,  1  MINUTE 
LATER  PUT  WATER  (3  CUPS).  WHEN  ALL  THE  SKEWERS 
ARE  BARBECUED,  PUT  THEM  IN  THE  CASSEROLE  AND  COOK 
FOR  20  MINUTES,  THEN  ADD  LEMON  JUICE.  SERVE  WITH  PLAIN  RICE. 


Kebab  Stew 


35 


Michigan  Sauce 


2  lbs.  Ground  Beef 
4  teaspoons  chili  powder 
1/2  teaspoon  garlic  powder 
2  -  8  oz  cans  of  tomato  sauce 
1/2  teaspoon  ground  cumin 
1/2  teaspoon  onion  powder 

Add  all  ingredients  in  a  large  pan.  (Do  Not  brown  the  ground 
beef  before  adding  the  other  ingredients.)  Bring  ingredients 
to  a  boil  over  a  medium  high  heat,  stirring  often  to  keep  from 
burning.  Turn  heat  to  low  and  simmer  as  you  would  for  a  good 
spaghetti  sauce. 

Serve  on  top  of  a  hot  dog  on  a  bun  with  mustard  and  diced  onions 
(if  desired)  or  you  can  serve  it  with  just  the  bun  (called  a  sauce 
burger).  Can  be  frozen  and  taste  even  better  after  reheating. 


Michigan  Sauce 


36 


Mitch  Murray's  Mad  Tuna  Salad 


1  cup  Tuna  in  oil  (drained  and  flaked) 
1  cup  creamed  cottage  cheese 
1/2  cup  Mayonnaise 
1/4  cup  finely  chopped  green  onions 
1/4  finely  chopped  fresh  celery 

1/2  cup  roughly  chopped  Blue  Diamond  Barbecue  Flavor  Almonds 
5  chopped  fresh  radishes 
Garlic  Salt  and  Black  Pepper 

Carefully  fold  all  ingredients  together  until  well  mixed. 
Refrigerate  and  don't  dare  eat  any  of  it  until  tomorrow,  y'hear? 
It's  worth  waiting  for.  Trust  me. 


Mitch  Murray's  Mad  Tuna  Salad 


37 


Onion  Cranberry  Relish 


1  tablespoon  vegetable  oil 

2  small  yellow  onions,  about  3/4  pound,  finely  diced 
1/2  teaspoon  salt 

1/2  cup  light  brown  sugar 

1/4  cup  balsamic  vinegar 

1  cup  apple  juice 

1/4  cup  raisins 

1/2  teaspoon  ground  ginger 

1/4  teaspoon  ground  cloves 

1  cinnamon  stick 

6  ounces  fresh  cranberries  (half  of  a  12-ounce  package) 

Oil  a  skillet  with  a  thin  coating  of  oil.  Heat  over  medium-high  heat 
for  2  minutes.  Add  the  onions  and  stir  for  4-5  minutes  until  they  begin 
to  soften.  Add  the  salt,  sugar,  balsamic  vinegar,  apple  juice,  raisins, 
ginger,  cloves  and  cinnamon.  Bring  to  a  boil,  reduce  heat,  cover  and 
simmer  for  15  minutes.  Rinse  the  cranberries  under  cold  water;  remove 
any  soft  or  mushy  berries.  Add  the  cranberries  to  the  onion  mixture, 
cover  and  simmer  for  5  minutes  or  until  the  cranberries  have  popped. 
Transfer  to  a  bowl.  Cover  and  chill  until  ready  to  serve.  Remove  the 
cinnamon  stick  before  serving. 


Onion  Cranberry  Relish 


38 


Paper  Sack  Chicken 


1  Chicken  -  cut  up 
Sauce: 

3  tablespoons  catsup 
2  tablespoons  vinegar 

1  tablespoons  lemon  juice 

2  tablespoons  Worcestershire  sauce 

3  tablespoons  brown  sugar 

4  tablespoons  water 
2  tablespoons  butter 

1  teaspoon  dry  mustard 
1  teaspoon  chili  powder 
1  teaspoon  paprika 
1  teaspoon  salt 

Heat  sauce.  Dust  cut-up  chicken  pieces  well  with  flour,  salt  and 
pepper.  Grease  the  interior  of  a  common  grocery  bag  (paper).  Pour 
sauce  over  chicken  and  put  pieces  in  the  bag.  Fold  and  fasten  the  end, 
lay  it  on  a  cookie  sheet.  Bake  at  350F  for  1  1/2  hours. 
Slit  sack  open,  fold  back  and  serve. 


Paper  Sack  Chicken 


39 


Pepper  Pork  Medallions 


1  1/2  lb.  boneless  pork  loin  or  leg  steak  (1/8  inch  thich) 
1/2  cup  flour 

1  cup  sun  dried  tomatoes 

Olive  oil  as  needed 

24  small  mushrooms,  sliced 

6  shallots  or  1  large  onion,  minced 

1  1/2  cups  chicken  stock 
3/4  cup  cooking  sherry 

1/4  cup  Worcestershire  sauce 

2  tbsp.  chopped  fresh  parsley 

1/4  tsp.  each  dried  oregano,  basil,  thyme 

1/4  tsp.  each  dried  dill,  rosemary 

1/4  tsp.  salt  and  ground  black  pepper 

1/2  each  sweet  red,  yellow  and  green  peppers,  julienned 

Flatten  pork  medallions  with  your  hand;  lightly  flour.  Blanch  tomatoes 
in  boiling  water  for  2  minutes;  drain  and  cut  into  thin  strips. 
Over  medium  low  heat,  saute  medallions  in  oil  1  1/2  minutes  per  side, 
remove  from  pan  and  keep  warm.  In  a  large  saucepan,  over  medium  heat, 
saute  mushrooms  and  shallots  in  2  tablespoons  oil  1  to  2  minutes.  Stir 
in  stock,  sherry,  tomatoes,  Worcestershire  sauce,  parsley  and 
seasonings.  Add  medallions  and  simmer  5  to  1 0  minutes. 
Meanwhile,  saute  peppers  in  2  tablespoons  oil  and  use  to  garnish 
medallions.  Serve  over  pasta  or  rice. 


Pepper  Pork  Medallions 


40 


Pimento  Cheese  Dip 


1  -  4  oz.  can  pimientos,  chopped  and  oil  reserved 

1/2  cup  mayonnaise 

1/4  cup  Durkee's  hot  sauce 

1  tablespoon  Dijon  style  mustard 

1/8  teaspoon  cayenne 

1  clove  garlic,  minced 

1/3  cup  freshly  chopped  parsley 

2  teaspoons  sugar 

1/2  lb.  grated  mild  Cheddar  cheese 

1/3  lb.  grated  processed  American  cheese 

Combine  all  ingredients  except  cheeses.  Add  grated  cheeses 
and  mix  well.  Moisten  with  reserved  pimiento  oil.  Chill 
overnight  to  ripen  flavor. 


Pimento  Cheese  Dip 


41 


Raspberry  Inferno  Sauce 


1/2  chipotle  pepper 
1  teaspoon  adobo  sauce 
1/2  jalapeno;  seeded 
8  oz.  raspberry  preserves 

Buy  the  chipotle  peppers  already  in  the  adobo  sauce,  and  use 
them  in  the  recipe.  Use  a  processor  to  mix  and  store  refrigerated. 
GREAT  as  a  sauce  for  chicken  wings!!!!!!! 


Raspberry  Inferno  Sauce 


42 


Really  Cool  Shrimp  Salad 


2  Lbs.  Medium  Shrimp 

1  Cup  Miracle  Whip 

1/2  Cup  Green  Onions 

1  Green  Bell  Pepper 

1  Small  Head  of  Lettuce 

1  Medium  Tomato 

1/2  Cup  Mozzarella  Cheese 

Peel,  devein,  and  boil  shrimp.  Chop  lettuce,  bell  pepper,  tomato, 
green  onions  and  shrimp,  and  mix  together  in  bowl...  Shred  mozzarella 
cheese  and  add  to  salad..  Add  miracle  whip  and  mix  together  well. 
Refrigerate  for  at  least  one  hour  and  serve  by  itself  or  with  your 
favorite  seafood  meal  


Really  Cool  Shrimp  Salad 


43 


Reuben  Layered  Salad 


1-  8  ounce  Drained  Sauerkraut 
8  cups  torn  lettuce  leaves 
1/2  cup  sliced  green  onions 
1  medium  tomato,  diced 

3/4  pound  deli  corned  beef,  cut  in  julienne  strips 
1  1/4  cups  Thousand  Island  dressing 
6  ounces  shredded  Swiss  cheese 

In  a  9  X  1 3  inch  dish,  layer  sauerkraut,  lettuce,  onion,  tomato 
and  corned  beef.  Carefully  spread  dressing.  Sprinkle  with  cheese. 
Refrigerate  overnight. 

Top  with:  Pumpernickel  Croutons 

Brush  both  sides  of  6  slices  of  pumpernickel  bread  with  1/4  cup 
melted  butter.  Cut  into  cubes.  Place  on  jelly  roll  pan  and  bake 
in  a  350  degrees  oven  until  crisp,  stirring  occasionally  for  about 
15  minutes. 


Reuben  Layered  Salad 


44 


Sea  Breeze  Scrambled  Eggs 


4  eggs 

2  tablespoons  milk 

1/2  teaspoon  dried  tarragon 

2  tablespoons  butter 

4  ounces  imitation  crab  meat  (shredded) 

3  ounces  cream  cheese  (cut  in  pieces) 
salt  and  pepper  to  taste 

Mix  eggs  with  milk,  tarragon,  salt  and  pepper.  In  a  skillet, 
melt  butter  over  medium  high  heat.  Add  crab  and  warm  while 
stirring.  Add  egg  mixture  and  scramble  until  about  80%  done. 
Stir  in  cream  cheese  and  continue  cooking  until  eggs  are  set 
and  cream  cheese  is  melted. 


Sea  Breeze  Scrambled  Eggs 


45 


Strawberry  Pie 


CRUST: 
1  stick  Butter  or  Margarine 
1  cup  Flour 

1  cup  chopped  Pecans 

Allow  butter  to  come  to  room  temperature.  Beat  butter  and  flour 
until  combined.  Add  pecans,  mix  until  combined.  Press  into  lightly 
greased  pie  plate  and  bake  20  minutes  at  350.  Cool. 

STRAWBERRY  FILLING: 
1  pint  fresh  Strawberries 
1  bag  Strawberry  Gel 

Clean,  hull  and  slice  berries,  combine  with  gel. 

CREAM  FILLING: 
1  8  oz.  pkg.  Cream  Cheese  (not  light  or  fat  free) 
1  12  oz.  container  Cool  Whip 
1  cup  Powdered  Sugar 

In  mixer,  beat  cream  cheese  until  smooth.  Add  sugar  and  beat  until 
combined.  Add  Cool  Whip  and  beat  until  combined  and  fluffy. 

ASSEMBLY: 

Into  cooled  pie  crust  layer,  1/2  of  cream  filling,  all  strawberry 
filling,  top  with  remaining  cream  filling.  Garnish  with  sliced 
strawberries  (optional).  Cover  and  refrigerate  at  least  2-3  hours. 
Slice  and  serve.  Yum!  Yum! 


Strawberry  Pie 


46 


Stuffed  Sausage  Shells 


1  pound  Italian  sweet  sausage 
1/2  cup  chopped  onions 
4  slices  bread,  crumbled 

1  egg 

1/4  cup  fresh  parsley  or  1  teaspoon  dried 
20  Jumbo  Shells,  parboiled  and  drained 

2  jars  (15  1/2  ounce)  Ragu'  Spaghetti  Sauce,  divided 
1/4  cup  Parmesan  cheese 

Pre-heat  oven  to  350  degrees 

1 .  Prick  sausage  with  fork  and  parboil  in  small  amount  of  water,  in 
covered  skillet  for  15  minutes.  Drain.  Chop  sausage  and  fry  along 
with  onions,  until  brown  and  crumbly,  stirring  often.  Spoon  off 
excess  fat.  Add  egg,  bread,  and  parsley,  and  mix  thoroughly. 

2.  Fill  hot  parboiled  shells  with  sausage  mixture,  using  a  teaspoon. 

3.  Pour  1/2  Ragu  Spagetti  sauce  into  a  13  x  9  x  2  inch  pan.  Arrange 
shells  in  pan. 

4.  Pour  remaining  Ragu  sauce  over  shells.  Cover  tightly  with  foil  and 
bake  for  30  minutes,  or  till  hot  and  bubbly. 

5.  Remove  foil;  sprinkle  grated  parmesan  cheese  over  top  and  bake 
uncovered  for  about  10  minutes  more. 

Serve  with  a  salad  and  homemade  bread. 
These  leftovers  freeze  very  well. 


Stuffed  Sausage  Shells 


47 


Summer  Strawberry  Bread 


1/2  cup  butter  or  margarine  or  solid  white  vegetable  shortening 

1  cup  sugar 

1/2  teaspoon  almond  or  vanilla  extract 

2  eggs  separated 
2  cups  flour 

1  teaspoon  baking  powder 
1  teaspoon  baking  soda 
1/2  tsp  salt 

1  cup  fresh  crushed  or  diced  strawberries 

Cream  butter,  sugar  and  extract  until  fluffy.  Beat  in  egg  yolks. 
Sift  the  remaining  dry  ingredients.  Add  the  sifted  ingredients 
alternately  with  strawberries  to  creamed  mixture.  Beat  whites  until 
stiff  but  not  dry.  Fold  into  berry  mixture.  Grease  a  loaf  pan  and 
line  with  greased  wax  or  brown  paper.  Place  batter  into  pan.  Bake 
in  a  preheated  350F  oven  about  1  hour  or  tested  done.  Remove  to 
rack  to  cool.  Remove  from  pan  after  15  minutes  and  let  cool 
completely.  Freezes  well.  Great  as  is  or  toasted  and  spread  with 
cream  cheese. 


Summer  Strawberry  Bread 


48 


Sweet  Potato-Pecan  Casserole 


STEP  I:  MASH  2  CUPS  COOKED  SWEET  POTATOES  (ABOUT  6  MEDIUM) 

STEP  II:  SCALD  I  CUP  MILK.  ADD  1  CUP  BROWN  SUGAR  &  1/2  CUP 
BUTTER. 
COOL  TO  LUKEWARM 

STEP  III:  COMBINE  I  &  II.  ADD  THE  FOLLOWING: 
4  EGGS 

1  teaspoon  CINNAMON 
1  teaspoon  SALT 
1/2  teaspoon  NUTMEG 
1/2  teaspoon  ALLSPICE 
1/3  CUP  BROKEN  PECANS 

STEP  IV:  MIX  WELL  AND  POUR  INTO  A  GREASED  CASSEROLE  (1  1/2  QT.) 
(MAKES  6-8  SERVINGS) 

*  CAN  BE  COVERED  AND  FROZEN  AS  IS  UNTIL  USED. 
(DEFROST  BEFORE  BAKING) 

**  BAKE  AT  425  FOR  15  MINUTES,  TURN  DOWN  OVEN  TO  375F  FOR 
30  MINUTES  LONGER  OR  UNTIL  FIRM. 


Sweet  Potato-Pecan  Casserole 


49 


Tomato  Basil  Soup 


4  cups  fresh  tomatoes  -  peeled,  cored  and  chopped 

4  cups  good  chicken  stock 

10  (about)  fresh  basil  leaves 

1  cup  heavy  cream 

1/4  pound  unsalted  butter 

salt  and  pepper  to  taste 

Combine  tomatoes  and  stock  in  saucepan.  Simmer  30  minutes, 
along  with  the  basil  leaves,  in  small  batches,  in  a  blender  or  food 
processor.  Return  to  saucepan  and  add  cream  and  butter,  while 
stirring  over  low  heat.  Garnish  with  extra  basil  leaves  and  serve 
with  your  favorite  bread. 


Tomato  Basil  Soup 


Veggie  Latkes 


2  medium  russet  potatoes 

1  small  carrot 

1  small  zucchini 

3/4  cup  shredded  cabbage 

1  small  onion 

1  large  rib  celery 
1/4  cup  flour 

2  eggs 

1/2  cup  shredded  mozzarella  cheese 
salt  and  pepper  to  taste 
1/4-1/2  teaspoon  granulated  garlic 
1/2  teaspoon  parsley 

With  a  sharp  potato  peeler,  slice  long  thin  pieces  from  the  carrot  and 
zucchini.  Cut  the  celery  into  long  very  thin  strips.  Stack  carrot, 
zucchini,  and  celery  together  and  cut  into  2  inch  long  pieces.  Julienne 
the  onion.  When  all  vegetables  are  cut,  grate  the  potatoes.  Mix  the 
grated  potato  with  the  flour  and  toss  lightly.  Add  seasoning  and 
remaining  vegetables.  Toss  well  to  mix  thoroughly.  Beat  eggs  until 
well  mixed.  Combine  with  veggie  mixture  until  eggs  are  well  distributed. 
Pour  a  little  olive  oil  into  a  frying  pan  and  heat  over  medium  high  heat. 
When  pan  is  hot,  drop  tablespoonfuls  for  the  mixture  into  the  pan, 
flatten  with  a  spatula  to  the  depth  of  a  pancake.  Don't  make  them 
too  big  or  to  thick  for  the  middle  will  get  mushy.  Fry  until  golden 
brown,  then  turn  over  and  sprinkle  with  the  cheese.  Fry  until  second 
side  is  brown.  Keep  warm  until  the  remainder  of  the  batter  is  fried. 
Serve  hot. 

You  can  adjust  this  recipe  for  whatever  crispy  vegetable  you  like 
and  whatever  seasonings  you  find  appealing.  Enjoy,  these  are  practically 
guilt  free! 


Veggie  Latkes 


51 


Wild  Rice  and  Mushroom  Soup 


2  oz.  Butter 

1/2  lb.  Carrots  (diced  fine) 
1/4  lb.  Leaks  (diced  fine) 

1  pound  sliced  Mushrooms 
1/2  cup  Sherry 

1/2  cup  Flour 

2  cups  Wild  Rice 

3  qts.  Vegetable  Stock 

1  qt.  Heavy  Cream 

2  tbl.  Fresh  Thyme 

3  tbl.  Parsley 

Cook  rice  in  2  qts.  of  water  until  just  bloomed  (about  40  min.). 
Melt  butter  and  saute  carrots  &  leeks  over  medium-high  heat  for  about 
10  minutes.  Add  mushrooms  and  cook  until  soft;  add  flour  and  stir  well. 
Deglaze  pan  with  sherry  and  reduce  a  little.  Add  vegetable  stock  and 
cook  until  blended  -  about  30  minutes.  Add  wild  rice  &  heavy  cream 
and  bring  back  to  heat.  Add  herbs  and  season  with  salt  and  pepper. 


Wild  Rice  and  Mushroom  Soup 


52 


Zucchini  Chocolate  Cake 


1  1/2  cups  oil 

1  2/3  cups  sugar 
4  eggs 

2  cups  flour 

1/2  cup  ground  cocoa 
2  teaspoons  baking  soda 

2  teaspoons  cinnamon 
1  teaspoon  salt 

3  cups  shredded  zucchini 
1  cup  chopped  walnuts 

Mix  together  the  oil,  sugar  and  eggs.  Mix  the  dry  ingredients  together. 
Add  the  dry  ingredients  to  the  sugar  mixture.  Add  the  zucchini  and 
walnuts  and  mix.  Place  in  a  greased  9'  x  13'  pan  and  bake  at  350F 
for  45-50  minutes. 


Zucchini  Chocolate  Cake 


53 


