Hartland  Publication 's  Digital  Library 


JLJEAWm 


FROM  THE 

VEGETARIAN  WHOLE  FOODS  COOKERY  AND  HEALTH  SEMINAR 


Lee  Heath  man 
Mildred  A.Tillotson 


Hartland  Publications 
Rapidan,  VA  22733 
Version  1.0  1999 


Note  to  Reader: 

The  information  in  this  book  is  presented  for  educational  purposes.  It  is  not 
intended  to  replace  the  services  of  healing  professionals  for  conditions  that 
require  them. 


Copyright  ©        November,  1993   Lee  Heathman  and  Mildred  A.  Tillotson 

Revised:  J  anuary,  1996 


All  rights  reserved 


Preface 


The  authors  of  this  book  have 
endeavored  to  present  to  you  a  simple 
way  to  arrange  your  style  of  living  so 
that  you  can  prevent  many  of  the 
chronic  degenerative  diseases.  Our 
appetites  and  lethargy  have  combined 
to  interfere  with  our  having  the  best 
of  health,  considering  the  bodies  that 
we  have  inherited.  For  four  thousand 
years  this  aging  world  has  been 
gradually  deteriorating  because  of  the 
washing  effect  of  rainfall.  We  need 
the  rain  to  help  things  to  grow.  How- 
ever, the  many  soluble  elements  in 
the  soil  have  gradually  been  marching 
off  to  the  lakes  and  seas.  The  result 
has  been  the  deterioration  of  the 
plant  growth  on  the  land.  The 
prophet  describes  this  in  Isaiah  51:6, 
"The  earth  shall  wax  old  like  a 
garment,  and  they  that  dwell  therein 
shall  die  in  like  manner." 

We  have  not  helped  the  situation. 
Food  processors  have  catered  to  the 
whims  and  tastes  of  us  all  and  made 
many  quick  and  fast  foods.  The 
natural  produce  of  the  field  from  this 
deteriorating  ground  has  been  consi- 
dered "raw"  material  to  use  to  take 
apart  and  put  money  making  items 
into  the  market.  In  the  process,  we 
have  lost  much  of  what  the  wise 
Creator  had  placed  in  the  edible 
plants  for  us.  We  remove  twenty  or 
more  important  constituents,  add 
back  six  or  so  items,  and  say  it  is 
"enriched."  To  keep  it  from  spoiling 
we  put  in  additives  and  preservatives 
rather  than  to  prepare  it  in  a  manner 
that  would  keep  it  from  getting 
modified  by  oxygenation. 

But  there  is  hope.  If  we  will  but  ask, 
God  will  give  us  the  desire  and  the 
power  to  correct  our  faulty  appetites 
and  help  us  learn  what  is  best  for  our 


bodies.  Let  us  consider  the  challenge 
to  avoid  foods  that  some  would  have 
us  buy  for  their  profit,  but  would  be 
detrimental  to  our  health. 

This  book  was  prepared  for  the 
purpose  of  informing  you  and  other 
readers  about  the  major  laws  of 
health.  When  these  laws  are  put  into 
practice  steadily  and  faithfully,  our 
wonderfully  designed  bodies  can 
regain  a  great  measure  of  our  lost 
health.  Cancers  can  be  prevented. 
The  plugging  up  of  our  arteries  all 
over  our  bodies  can  be  reversed. 
Circulation  to  our  hearts,  joints,  and 
brains  can  be  gradually  reopened.  Our 
immune  system  can  be  strengthened 
to  a  remarkable  degree. 

The  Creator  has  designed  the  natural 
produce  in  such  a  way  as  to  supply  us 
with  wonderful,  tasty  foods  from  the 
farm  and  gardens.  Let  us  endeavor  to 
build  up  our  soils,  grow  the  best  foods 
that  we  can,  prepare  them  simply 
without  spices  or  greases  and  oils  of 
all  kinds,  and  eat  them  with  relish 
and  thankfulness  for  all  those  good 
things. 

Those  who  have  prepared  this  and 
similar  manuals  have  observed 
marked  success  in  their  friends  who 
have  applied  these  health  principles. 
No,  not  every  disease  can  be  over- 
come. We  still  live  on  a  planet  that 
will  need  to  be  recreated.  But  that 
will  come  in  time.  May  God  bless  you, 
guide  you,  and  strengthen  you  as  you 
learn  how,  and  resolve  to  apply  these 
laws  of  health. 

Milton  G.  Crane,  M.D. 
Director  of  Medical  Research 
WEIMAR  INSTITUTE 


E  ncouragements 


"I  am  very  pleased  with  the  book.  It  will  be  a  great  asset  in  working  with  your 
students,  and  in  presenting  seminars.  .  . 

"I  know  the  Lord  will  bless  you  with  success  in  making  it  available  to  many.  I 
believe  it  will  fill  a  much  needed  spot  in  education  of  lay  persons  in  the  basic 
laws  of  health.  It  is  well  documented,  and  very  nicely  laid  out." 

Agatha  M.  Thrash,  M.D. 
Preventive  Medicine 
UCHEE  PINES  INSTITUTE 


Acknowledgments 

Through  various  experiences  and 
circumstances  the  authors  have  come 
to  appreciate  more  and  more  the 
health  principles  given  by  our  Creator 
in  His  Word;  also,  the  sound 
principles  and  guidelines,  so  in 
harmony  with  the  Scriptures, 
recorded  in  the  works  by  Ellen  G. 
White,  well-known  Health  Educator. 
As  we  have  shared  these  principles 
with  others  and  have  seen  them  reap 
the  benefits  of  improved  health,  a 
desire  crystalized  to  share  them  on  a 
broader  scale  through  this  manual. 


The  authors  gratefully  acknowledge 
the  assistance  and  support  of  Milton 
G.  Crane,  M.D.,  and  Agatha  M.  Thrash, 
M.D.,  FACP,  who  have  taken  time  from 
ever  busy  schedules  to  review  the 
manuscript,  and  to  share  their 
wisdom  and  expertise  through  helpful 
recommendations   and  suggestions, -- 


and  encouragement.  Words  cannot 
fully  express  our  appreciation  for 
their  professional  insights  and  their 
invaluable  help. 


Many  thanks  also  to  our  husbands,  Ray 
Heathman  and  M.  G.  Tillotson,  for 
their  contributions,  suggestions,  and 
encouragement  as  they  have  worked 
with  us  on  this  project,  and  to  the 
many  others  who  have  offered  helpful 
suggestions  and  shared  recipes. 


May  this  study  guide  help  to  awaken 
in  you  a  desire  to  more  fully 
understand  our  Creator's  plan  for  us 
in  a  fuller,  richer,  more  joyful  life 
here,  in  preparation  for  the  future  life. 
Carefully  study  your  needs,  and  make 
changes  wisely  to  bring  your  lifestyle 
into  harmony  with  the  laws  of  your 
being. 


LEAVES  FROM  THE  TREE     OF  LIFE 

Vegetarian,Whole  Foods,Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 

The  late  Lee  Heathman,  co-author  of  the  Leaves  from  the  Tree  of  Life, 
Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar  Manual,  longed  to  help 
others  in  some  special  way.  In  her  search  for  avenues  of  service  she  made 
arrangements  to  participate  as  a  Observer/Trainee  Home  Health  Counselor  for 
the  NEWSTART"  program  at  Weimar  Institute  in  Northern  California, 
(returning  several  times  later  for  more  training).  Her  enthusiasm  for  what  she 
learned,  experienced,  and  observed,  knew  no  bounds  when  she  returned  to  her 
home  in  Oregon.  She  designed  a  program  based  on  the  Weimar  NEWSTART" 
Homestyle  program,  adapting  it  to  large  group  presentations.  Working  with  a 
friend  who  was  already  conducting  cooking  schools  in  the  area,  they  launched 
the  program  in  her  home  church.  These  were  an  immediate  success, —  well 
attended  and  greatly  appreciated  by  the  attendees. 

A  year  or  two  later  Lee  invited  Merle  and  co-author  Mildred  Tillotson  to  assist 
in  the  program.  Merle  and  Mildred  had  a  long-time  interest  in  the  better  life- 
style presented  in  this  program,  having  earlier  attended  health  classes  on  the 
East  Coast  and  making  some  life-style  changes  at  the  time;  however,  they  were 
impressed  by  the  practical  applications  of  health  principles,  and  the  delicious 
as  well  as  nourishing  recipes  presented  in  these  classes.  Also,  after  seeing 
many  people  experiencing  marked  improvement  in  their  health,  including 
lowered  blood  pressure,  reduced  insulin  requirements,  abatement  of  many 
heart  symptoms,  and  a  sparkle  returning  to  the  eyes  of  the  attendees,  they  did 
not  want  to  miss  a  seminar. 

During  the  few  years  the  two  families  were  privileged  to  work  together  in  these 
cooking  and  health  seminars,  they  felt  a  need  for  a  study  guide  based  on  the 
sound  nutrition  and  health  counsel  given  in  the  writings  of  Health  Educator 


5 


LEAVES  FROM  THE  TREE     OF  LIFE 

Vegetarian,Whole  Foods,Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 

Ellen  G.  White  in  such  books  as  Healthful  Living,  Ministry  of  Healing,  and 
Counsels  on  Diet  and  Foods,  as  supported  by  current  scientific  findings.  The 
Leaves  from  the  Tree  of  Life  Manual  is  the  product  of  this  need,  and  it  has  been 
well  received  in  communities  where  it  has  been  used. 

Ray  and  Lee  Heathman  have  introduced  the  manual  through  many  successful 
seminars  on  the  East  Coast  while  their  work  was  centered  at  Hartland 
Institute,  Rapidan,  Virginia,  as  well  as  in  other  parts  of  our  country,  and  many 
foreign  countries  as  well.  Many  others  are  now  conducting  seminars  in  their 
home  areas. 

Merle  and  Mildred  Tillotson  have  continued,  with  the  help  of  many  team 
members,  to  present  twice-yearly  seminars  in  their  home  church  based  on  this 
manual. 

Those  who  engage  in  this  work  are  twice  blessed.  Blessed  as  they  share  the 
many  practical  nutrition  and  health  topics,  and  blessed  as  they  see  marked 
improvement  in  both  physical  and  spiritual  health  of  those  who  attend  the 
seminars  and  put  into  practice  what  they  learn. 

A  companion  Instructor's  Manual  is  also  available,  which  provides  information 
on  how  to  to  present  the  material,  and  how  to  organize  a  team  for  a  seminar, 
with  job  descriptions  for  team  members,  and  various  other  worksheets.  The 
motto  for  the  seminar  is: 

"Choose  Something  Better. " 

The  manuals  are  available  from  (request  information  on  quantity  discounts): 


6 


LEAVES  FROM  THE  TREE     OF  LIFE 

Vegetarian,Whole  Foods,Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


Gateways  to  Health  Publishing 
P  O  Box  1250 

Grants  Pass,  OR  97528-0102 
Phone:  (541)  476-2446 

For  more  information  concerning  the  manuals  or  presenting  seminars,  contact 
the  Publisher,  or: 

Ray  Heathman 

19964  Riverside  Avenue,   Sp  92 
Anderson,  CA  96007 

Phone:        (530)  365-2584 
OR     ((916)  365-8905 

For  assistance  in  presenting  seminars  contact  Ray  Heathman. 


7 


LEAVES  FROM  THE  TREE     OF  LIFE 

Vegetarian,Whole  Foods,Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


Table  of  Contents 

An  Overview  9 

Lesson  1               NUTRITION  13 

Breakfast  -  Grains  21 

The  Digestive  System  26 

Lesson  2              EXERCISE  32 

Carbohydrates  (sugars)  37 

Basics!  (Cells)  42 

Bones  and  Muscles  44 

Lesson  3              WATER  47 

Protein  (Plant  Proteins)  -  Use  of  Nuts  54 

Skin  and  its  Functions  63 

Lesson  4              SUNLIGHT  65 

Fats  and  Oils  69 

Heart  and  Circulation  81 

Lesson  5              TEMPERANCE:     Spices,  Vinegar  86 

Stimulants,  Tobacco,  Alcohol  Drugs  94 

Protein        (Animal  Proteins)  106 

Lesson  6              AIR  114 

Vitamins,  Minerals,  and  Phytochemicals  118 

Breadmaking  125 

Lungs  and  Respiration  126 

Lesson  7              REST  129 

Teen  Needs  138 
The  Immune  System  and  Self-Poisonin  139 

Brain  and  Nerves  143 

Lesson  8              TRUST  147 

Menu  Planning  150 

Rational  Remedies.  A  Sampling  of  156 

Appendix                     Recipes  159 

Leaves  from  the  Tree  of  Life  (Promises)  195 

Bibliography  197 

Recommended  Reading  198 

8 


LEAVES  FROM  THE  TREE     OF  LIFE 

Vegetarian,Whole  Foods,Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


An  Overview 

Much  could  be  said  about  the  health 
problems  facing  our  Nation,  and  the 
world.  Not  only  are  health  care  costs 
almost  out  of  reach,  but  the  sickness, 
suffering,  and  pain  experienced  by  so 
many  should  be  a  matter  of  deep 
concern  to  all. 

Many  are  becoming  aware  of  the  fact 
that  something  can  be  done.  The 


original  diet  and  lifestyle  given  in 
Eden  is  gaining  the  attention  of  many. 

A  marked  improvement  in  health  is 
possible  for  those  who  will  learn  and 
practice  the  principles  of  healthful 
living.  This  seminar  is  based  on 
practical,  easy  to  apply  principles  that 
promote  health,  with  tasty,  nutritious, 
recipes  to  support  a  healthy,  active, 
life. 


MOTTO 

CHOOSE  SOMETHING  BETTER 


"Something  better  is  the  watchword  of  education,  The  law  of  all  true  living." 

Ellen  G.  White,  Education,  96 


"It  is  in  these  promises  that  Christ  communicates  to  us  His  grace  and  power. 
They  are  leaves  from  that  tree  which  is  'for  the  healing  of  the  nations.'" 

Revelation  22:2.  Ellen  G.  White,  Ministry  of  Healing,  122 


From  Eden  Lost  To  Eden  Restored 

"And  God  said,  Behold,  I  have  given  you  every  herb  bearing 
seed,  which  is  upon  the  face  of  all  the  earth,  and  every  tree, 
in  the  which  is  the  fruit  of  a  tree  yielding  seed;  to  you  it  shall 
be  for  meat."  Genesis  1:29 

"In  the  midst  of  the  street  of  it,  and  on  either  side  of  the 
river,  was  there  the  tree  of  life,  which  bare  twelve  manner  of 
fruits,  and  yielded  her  fruit  every  month;  and  the  leaves  of  the 
tree  were  for  the  healing  of  the  nations. "         Revelation  22:2 


Health  is  a  wonderful  boon  to  those 
who  possess  it,  a  treasure  of  greater 
worth  than  a  limitless  bank  account. 
A  joy  to  the  owner,  and  a  help  to 
others.  It  is  the  only  real  treasure  we 
have  in  this  life,  secondary  only  to 
possessing  the  Pearl  of  Great  Price. 


Without  health,  we  loose  all;  and  life  is 
a  burden.  Disease  (poor  health)  is  not 
enjoyable  to  the  sufferer;  it  also  is  a 
burden  to  those  caring  for  the 
sufferer.  It  is  a  distraction  from  life's 
pursuits,  and  very  costly  in  time  and 
resources.  Disease  is  not  normal. 


IX 


LEAVES  FROM  THE  TREE     OF  LIFE 

Vegetarian,Whole  Foods,Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


The  Laws  of  Life 


"Study  that  marvelous  organism,  the  human  system,  and  the  laws  by 

Which  it  is  governed."  Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful  Living,  15 


To  know  and  cooperate  with  the  laws 
of  health  in  order  to  retain,  or  regain, 
health  is  most  important.  The  study 
of  disease  takes  a  secondary  place  to 
the  study  of  the  laws  of  life.  To  know 
how  to  employ  every  rational  means  at 
our  disposal  in  order  to  avert  sickness 
should  be  our  constant  study  and  goal. 


Life's  activities  are  centered  in  the 
home.  Parents  should  be  an  example 
of  good  health  practices,  and  should 
train  children  from  their  earliest 
years  to  treasure  and  care  for  their 
health  that  they  too  will  enjoy  a  fuller, 
richer,  life, --as  free  from  pain  and 
suffering  as  possible. 


Disease  does  not  come  without  cause.  By  a  disregard  of  the  laws  of  health  the 
way  is  prepared  and  disease  invited.  Some  of  the  causes  include: 


Lack  of  deep,  full  inspirations  of 
air  which  impairs  the  action  of 
stomach,  liver,  lungs,  and  brain. 


Feebleness  and  paleness 
close  confinement  indoors. 


from 


Irregularity  in  eating,   or  eating 
too  much  or  hurriedly,  overtaxes 
the      digestive      organs,--     and  7. 
produces    impure   blood    and  a 
feverish  state  of  the  system. 


Inadequate  food,  in  quantity  or 
quality,  and  poorly  cooked  food, 
deprave  the  blood  by  weakening 
the  blood-making  organs. 


8. 


Eating  meat  increases  ten-fold 
the  liability  to  take  disease. 

Many  become  invalids  chiefly 
because  the  blood  does  not 
circulate  freely,  and  the  changes 
so  essential  for  health  and  life  do 
not  take  place  in  this  vital  fluid. 

Overtaxing  the  strength  and  body 
reserves  not  only  increases 
liability  of  taking  cold,  but  disease 
can  assume  dangerous  forms 
under  these  conditions. 

Depression,  sadness,  and  gloom- 
ines  are  fruitful  causes  of  disease. 


The  object  of  this  Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar  is  to 
teach  principles  of  healthful  living  that  will  give  nature  a  chance  to  remove  and 
resist  disease. 


X 


OVERVIEW 


"There  are  many  ways  of  practicing 
the  healing  art,  but  there  is  only  one 
way  that  Heaven  approves.  God's 
remedies  are  the  simple  agencies  of 
nature,  that  will  not  tax  or  debilitate 
the  system  through  their  powerful 
properties.  Pure  air  and  water, 
cleanliness,  a  proper  diet,  purity  of 
life,  and  a  firm  trust  in  God,  are 
remedies  for  the  want  of  which 
thousands  are  dying,  yet  these 
remedies  are  going  out  of  date 
because  their  skillful  use  requires 
work  that  the  people  do  not 
appreciate.  Fresh  air,  exercise,  pure 
water,  and  clean  sweet  premises,  are 
within  the  reach  of  all  with  but  little 
expense.  But  drugs  are  expensive, 
both  in  the  outlay  of  means,  and  the 
effect  produced  upon  the  system." 

Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful  Living,  225 

"Nature  is  a  power,  but  the  God  of 
nature  is  unlimited  in  power.  His 
works  interpret  his  character.  Those 


who  judge  him  from  his  handiworks, 
and  not  from  the  suppositions  of  great 
men,  will  see  his  presence  in 
everything.  They  behold  his  smile  in 
the  glad  sunshine,  and  his  love  and 
care  for  man  in  the  rich  fields  of 
autumn.  Even  the  adornments  of  the 
earth  as  seen  in  the  grass  of  living 
green,  the  lovely  flowers  of  every  hue, 
and  the  lofty  and  varied  trees  of  the 
forest,  testify  to  the  tender,  fatherly 
care  of  our  God,  and  to  his  desire  to 
make  his  children  happy."         ibid,  285 

"And  so  far  as  possible,  all  who  are 
seeking  to  recover  health  should 
place  themselves  amid  country 
surroundings,  where  they  can  have 
the  benefit  of  outdoor  life.  Nature  is 
God's  physician.  The  pure  air,  the 
glad  sunshine,  the  flowers  and  trees, 
the  orchards  and  vineyards,  and  the 
outdoor  exercise  amid  these 
surroundings,  are  health-giving,  life- 
giving."       Ellen  G.  White,  Ministry  of  Healing,  263 


Although  Health  Educator  Ellen  G. 
White  penned  her  works  about  a 
hundred  years  ago,  her  books  are 
recognized  today  for  providing  sound 
principles  for  diet  and  healthful  living. 
Dr.  Clive  McCay,  Professor  of  Nutrition 
at  Cornell  University  a  few  years  ago, 
commented: 

"In  spite  of  the  fact  that  the  works  of 
Mrs.  White  were  written  long  before 
the  advent  of  modern  scientific 
nutrition,  no  better  over-all  guide  is 
available  today."  "Finally,  one  can 
wonder  how  to  make  her  teachings 
more  widely  known  in  order  to 
benefit  the  over-crowded  earth  that 
seems  inevitable  tomorrow  with  the 
present  rate  of  increase  of  the  world's 

population."  Clive  M.  McCay,  Ph.  D., 

A  Nutrition  Authority  Discusses  Mrs.  E.  G.  White, 
Review  and  Herald,  February  26,  1959 


These  books  are  recognized  by  health 
educators  today  as  providing  the  most 
up-to-date  information  and  guidelines 
for  sound  nutrition. 

It  is  not  the  purpose  of  this  study 
guide  to  establish  rigid  rules  for 
everyone  to  follow,  but  to  provide 
basic  guidelines  and  information  to 
aid  those  seeking  to  maintain  and/or 
improve  their  health,  to  do  so.  Also, 
to  provide  some  ideas  and  suggestions 
for  putting  into  practice  the  choice 
for  a  better  lifestyle. 

Yes,  study  your  own  needs,  and  the 
needs  of  your  family.  These  may  vary 
depending  on  the  type  of  activity 
engaged  in,  and  the  the  varying 
climate  in  your  locality.  A  word  of 
caution:  Avoid  extremes! 


XI 


LEAVES  FROM  THE  TREE     OF  LIFE 

Vegetarian,Whole  Foods,Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


"Pure  air, 

sunlight, 

abstemi  ousness, 
rest, 

exercise, 

proper  diet, 

the  use  of  water, 

trust  in  divine  power, - 

these  are  the  true  remedies. 

Every  person  should  have  a  knowledge  of  nature's  remedial  agencies  and 
how  to  apply  them.  .  . 

The  use  of  natural  remedies  requires  an  amount  of  care  and  effort  that 
many  are  not  willing  to  give.  Nature's  process  of  healing  and  upbuilding 
is  gradual,  and  to  the  impatient  it  seems  slow.  The  surrender  of  hurtful 
indulgences  requires  sacrifice.  But  in  the  end  it  will  be  found  that 
nature,  untrammeled,  does  her  work  well.  Those  who  persevere  in 
obedience  to  her  laws  will  reap  the  reward  in  health  of  body  and  health  of 

mind."  Ellen  G.  White,  Ministry  of  Healing,  127,128 


The  key  topic  for  each  lesson  in  this 
Manual  is  based  on  one  of  the  above 
"true  remedies." 

Nutritional  and  other  health 
information  presented  with  the  key 
topic  is  designed  to  enhance  the 
understanding,  appreciation,  and 
application,  of  the  "true  remedy." 

May  the  material  in  this  Manual 
increase  your  desire  to  learn  more  of 
the  wonderful  mechanism  of  the 
human  body,  the  habitation  of  the 
mind  and  soul.  Even  though  the 
mysteries  of  its  operation  are  beyond 
the  scope  of  human  science,  much  is 
known  of  its   operation,— enough  to 


challenge  our  thinking.  May  this  study 
deepen  your  desire  to  preserve  this 
habitation  in  the  best  of  health,  to 
make  possible  a  more  full 
development  of  the  intellectual, 
moral,  and  spiritual  powers  through 
the  enabling  grace  of  God. 


Birds  of  the  air  follow  laws  that  govern 
them.  Some  observe  seasonal 
changes,  migrating  from  country  to 
country  to  find  a  climate  suitable  to 
their  needs  and  happiness.  Joy  and 
happiness,  and  increased  vigor  and 
vitality,  can  be  ours  as  we  learn  to 
bring  our  lifestyles  into  harmony  with 
the  laws  of  our  being. 


Choose  something  better 

I  will  praise  thee;  for  I  am  fearfully  and  wonderfully  made:  marvellous  are 
thy  works;  and  that  my  soul  knoweth  right  well.  Psalm  139:14 

12 


EM&WSSi  3*M©M  TMM  TMME  ©IF  MIFM 

VEGETARIAN,  WHOLE  FOODS,  COOKERY  AND  HEALTH  SEMINAR 


NUTRITION.  . . 

A  Science  in  Value  Above  all  Other  Sciences 


Use  whole  foods  as  grown 
'The  diet  affects  both  physical  and  moral  health. 

Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful  Living,  76 


Grains, 

fruits, 

nuts,  and 


constitute  the  diet  chosen  for  us  by  our  Creator.  These  foods,  prepared  in 
as  simple  and  natural  a  manner  as  possible,  are  the  most  healthful  and 
nourishing.  They  impart  a  strength,  a  power  of  endurance,  and  a  vigor  of 
intellect,  that  are  not  afforded  by  a  more  complex  and  stimulating  diet." 

EBen  G.  White,  Counsels  on  Diet  and  Foods,  313 


In  the  beginning  God  created  the  heaven  and  the  earth. 
And  God  said,  Behold,  I  have  given  you  every  herb  bearing  seed,  which  is 
upon  the  face  of  all  the  earth,  and  every  tree,  in  the  which  is  the  fruit  of  a 
tree  yielding  seed;  to  you  it  shall  be  for  meat.  Genesis  v.1,29 


Sometimes  we  hear  the  words 
spoken,  "Oh!  I'm  just  a  housewife."  A 
person  gets  the  impression  that  the 
speaker  wishes  she  had  a  more 
challenging  position  in  life.  But  the 
work  of  a  housewife  in  making  a  house 


a  home  is  most  important.  The  work 
of  cooking  that  is  included  in  these 
responsibilities  is  an  art,  and  a 
"science  in  value  above  all  other 
sciences."  Yet  it  need  not  be 
complicated  and  time  consuming! 


"Cooking.  .  .  is  a  science  in  value  above  all  other  sciences.  Thus  God  regards  the 
preparation  of  healthful  food.  He  places  a  high  estimate  on  those  who  do  faithful 
service  in  preparing  wholesome,  palatable  food.  .  .  .This  talent  should  be 


1 


VEGETARIAN,  WHOLE  FOODS,  COOKERY  AND  HEALTH  SEMINAR 


regarded  as  equal  in  value  to  ten  talents;  for  its  right  use  has  much  to  do  with 
keeping  the  human  organism  in  health."  sal  251 


1 


EM&WSSi  3*M©M  TMM  TMME  ©IF  MIFM 

VEGETARIAN,  WHOLE  FOODS,  COOKERY  AND  HEALTH  SEMINAR 


Why  should  we  choose  something  better? 


Deficiency  and  infectious  diseases 
have  been  the  main  causes  of 
premature  death  during  the  past  few 
centuries.  With  the  advent  of  refined, 
devitalized  foods,  degenerative 
diseases  have  become  the  leading 
causes  of  premature  death. 


Of  the  ten  leading  causes  of  death  in 
the  United  States  based  on  1987  data, 
heart  diseases,  cancers,  and  strokes, 
accounted  for  about  two  thirds  of 
them.  Diet  is  credited  with  playing  a 
part  in  these  premature  deaths,  as 
well  as  in  deaths  from  diabetes  and 
atherosclerosis,  which  account  for 
about  another  3%  of  the  ten  leading 
causes  of  premature  deaths. 


Although  diet  is  not  credited  with 
playing  a  part  in  the  other  five  leading 
causes  of  death,  including  pneumonia 
and  influenza,  suicide,  and  chronic 
liver  disease  and  cirrhosis,  it  no  doubt 
shares  in  the  responsibility. 


Individuals  subsisting  on  devitalized 
foods,  or  on  a  diet  with  an  imbalance 
of  nutrients,  and/or  consume  more 
than  they  need  (even  of  good  foods) 
may: 

( 1 )  Weaken  the  immune  system  so 
that  it  may  not  be  able  to  cope 
with  infectious  diseases  such 
as  pneumonia  and  influenza. 

(2)  Lead  to  mental  depression  so 
that  a  person  feels  unable  to 
cope  with  life. 

(3)  Overtax  the  liver,  resulting  in 
self  poisoning,  and  various 
liver  diseases. 


The  cost  of  all  the  illness  preceding 
these  deaths  is  measureless  when  one 
considers  not  only  the  monetary  value 
of  skyrocketing  health  care  costs,  but 
also  the  physical  suffering  of  those 
who  were  ill,  and  the  emotional 
suffering  of  family  and  friends. 


Malnutrition  in  its  true  sense  may  be  experienced  in  a  land  of  plenty  by  those 
who  subsist  on  refined,  devitalized,  "foodless"  foods,  and  even  by  consuming  an 
imbalance  of  whole,  unrefined,  foods. 

The  science  of  nutrition  brings  into  focus  the  close  relationship  which  exists 
between  food  and  health  of  body  and  mind. 


How  encouraging  it  is  to  know  that  degenerative  diseases  need  not  destroy  us 
inch  by  inch;  also,  even  infectious  diseases  may  become  much  less  a  part  of  our 
experience  when  the  immune  system  is  improved. 


1 


LEAVES  FROM  THE  TREE     OF  LIFE 

Vegetarian,Whole  Foods,Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


Yes,  it  is  time  to  choose  something  better. 

In  1988  the  Surgeon  General 
recognized  the  need  for  more 
complex  carbohydrates  and  fiber  to  be 
included  in  the  diet,  and  less  of  the 
refined  foods,  especially  fats.  In  the 
Summary  and  Recommendations  of 
the  Surgeon  General's  Report  on 
Nutrition  and  Health,  it  is  stated  in 
the  conclusions  that  "over- 
consumption  of  certain  dietary 
components  is  now  a  major  concern 
for  Americans.  While  many  food 
factors  are  involved,  chief  among 
them  is  the  disproportionate  con- 
sumption of  foods  high  in  fats,  often  at 
the  expense  of  foods  high  in  complex 
carbohydrates  and  fiber  that  may  be 
more  conducive  to  health. 
"Diet  has  always  had  a  vital  influence 
on  health.  Until  as  recently  as  the 
1940's,  diseases  such  as  rickets, 
pellagra,  scurvy,  beriberi,  xeroph- 
thalmia, and  goiter  .  .  .  were 
prevalent  in  this  country  and 
throughout  the  world." 

The  Surgeon  General  further  notes 
that,  "As  the  diseases  of  nutritional 
deficiency  have  diminished,  they  have 
been  replaced  by  diseases  of  dietary 
excess  and  imbalance — problems  that 
now  rank  among  the  leading  causes  of 
illness  and  death  in  the  United  States, 
touch  the  lives  of  most  Americans, 
and  generate  substantial  health  care 
costs." 


Included  among  the  Surgeon  General's  key  recommendations  are: 

1.  Reduce  the  intake  of  fat  (especially  saturated  fat)  and  cholesterol. 
Choose  foods  relatively  low  in  these  substances. 

Use  food  preparation  methods  that  add  little  or  no  fat. 

2.  Achieve  and  maintain  desirable  body  weight. 

Choose  a  dietary  pattern  consistent  with  energy  expenditure. 
Increase  energy  expenditure  by  regular  physical  activity. 


1 


NUTRITION 


3.  Increase  the  consumption  of  complex  carbohydrate  (CHCO  and  fiber. 
Increase  the  use  of  whole  grain  foods  and  cereal  products, 
vegetables  (including  dried  beans  and  peas),  and  fruits. 

4.  Reduce  sodium  intake.  Choose  foods  relatively  low  in  sodium, 

and  limit  the  amount  of  salt  added  in  food  preparation  and  at  the  table. 

5.  Sugars.  Those  vulnerable  to  dental  caries,  especially  children,  should: 
Limit  consumption  and  frequency  of  use  of  foods  high  in  added  sugars. 

Summary  and  Recommendations,  The  Surgeon  General's  Report  on  Nutrition  and  Health,  pages  2  and  3 

U.S.  DHHS  (PHS)  Publication  No.  85-5021 1. 
Superintendent  of  Documents,  U.S.  Govt.  Print  Office,  Washington  D.  C,  20402 


All  would  profit  by  practicing  item  5,  as  the  free  use  of  concentrated  sugars  is 
damaging  to  the  health  in  many  ways.  (See  sub  topic  Sugar  in  Lesson  2.) 

Note  that  the  Surgeon  General  points  out  that  dietary  excess  and  imbalance  of 
nutrients  are  among  the  causes  of  illness  and  premature  death. 


1 


NUTRITION 


Protective  foods  are  needed  in  the  diet 


Dr.  Craig  notes  that,  "Typically  one- 
half  of  the  calories  in  the  diet  [of  the 
average  American]  are  empty  or 
refined  calories  that  are  deficient  in 
vitamins,  minerals,  and  fiber." 

Winston  J.  Craig,  Ph.D.,  R.D., 
Nutrition  for  the  Nineties,  9 

He  also  notes   that  according   to  a 

national  survey  made  by  the  National 

Cancer  Institute,  "almost  one-half  of 

all  adult  Americans  ate  no  fruit  or  fruit 

juice,  and  one-half  ate  no  vegetables. 

The  average  person  ate  [daily]  only 

one  serving  of  fruit  and  less  than  2 

servings   of  vegetables."  ibid.,  no, 

in 

"Several  studies  have  reported  a 
significant  protective  effect  associated 
with  the  consumption  of  fruits  and 
vegetables,  and  some  have  shown  an 
increased  risk  associated  with  meat 

Consumption."  Ellen  B,.  Gold,  Ph.D.,  and 

John  L  Cameron,  M.D.,  Chronic  Pancreatitis  and 
Pancreatic  Cancer,  The  New  England  Journal  ol 
Medicine.  V328,  No.  20,  05/20/93,  p.  1485 


A  wealth  of  life-sustaining  whole  foods 
are  available  to  us, —  a  variety  of  fruits 
and  vegetables,  whole  grains  and 
legumes,  nuts  and  seeds, —  that  were 
designed  to  meet  our  nutritional 
needs. 

Each  nutrient  in  any  one  food  has  its 
specific  function.  Some  are  needed 
for  cell  metabolism  or  as  building 
blocks  for  cell  structures,  as  raw 
materials  for  various  products  (such  as 
for  makng  digestive  juices,  hormones, 
and  good  cholesterol);  some  of  the 
vitamins  help  preserve  fatty  acids  in 
foods  as  well  as  performing  their 
functions  in  body  cells.  This 
harmonious  completeness  is  lost  in 
processed,  refined  foods.  The 
addition  of  preservatives,  artificial 
vitamins,  and  other  additives, 
compound  the  nutritional  problems. 


Some  benefits  to  be  derived  from  changing  to  a  well-balanced  diet  of  whole, 
natural,  life-sustaining  foods,  enhanced  even  more  when  all  the  true  remedies 
are  included  in  the  lifestyle,  are: 

Time  clock  reversed  —  feel  and  look  younger  as  aging  process  is  slowed 

Energy  level  increased  —  less  fatigue  —  better  weight  management 

Increased  mental  alertness,  and  clarity  of  thought 

Better  ability  to  cope  with  stress 

Emotions  are  more  stable 

General  health  improved  —  not  prone  to  degenerative  diseases 
Immune  system  strenthened  —  better  resistance  to  contagious  diseases 


a 


NUTRITION 


The  free  use  of  protective  foods,  such  as  fruits,  vegetables,  whole  grains, 
legumes,  nuts  and  seeds,  aids  in  achieving  optimal  health. 


1 


NUTRITION 


What,  then,  is  food? 

Food  may  be  defined  as  any  substance  which,  when  eaten  and  absorbed  into  the 
system: 

Furnishes  force  and  heat  to  the  body; 
Builds  cells  or  repairs  damaged  ones; 
Without  causing  injury. 


What  is  the  difference  between  carbohydrates,  proteins,  and  fats? 


Carbohydrates,  as  the  name  indicates, 
are  compounds  of  carbon  with 
"hydrates"  (water),  or  hydrogen  and 
oxygen. 

Fats  (lipids)  are  also  compounds  of 
these  same  elements  of  carbon, 
hydrogen,  and  oxygen  linked  together 
differently.  Fats  are  not  water  soluble. 

Proteins  are  large  molecules  of  these 
same  chemicals,  with  the  addition  of 
nitrogen  in  the  form  of  amino  groups. 
Some  proteins  contain  phosphorus  or 
sulfur. 

Even  though  carbohydrates  and  fats 
are    composed    of   the    same  basic 


elements,  fats  and  oils  are  much  more 
concentrated.  Carbohydrates  (sugars 
and  starches),  and  proteins,  yield 
about  4  calories  per  gram;  fats  yield 
about  9  calories  per  gram.  This  needs 
to  be  considered  when  determining 
the  number  of  calories  in  foods  from 
information  furnished  on  food  labels. 


Whole,  unrefined,  foods  contain  some 
of  each  of  these  three  main  nutrients, 
together  with  minerals,  vitamins, 
enzymes,  and  other  nutrients  needed 
for  energy  metabolism,  building  and 
repair,  and  for  regulating  body 
processes. 


Food  needed  for: 

Heat  and  energy 
Building  and  Repair 

Regulating  Body  Processes 


Is  best  supplied  by: 

Carbohydrates  and  fats 

Fats,  proteins,  and 
carbohydrates 

Water,  protein,  minerals, 
vitamins,  and  cellulose 


a 


NUTRITION 


Summary  and  recommendations 


Grains,  fruits,  nuts,  and  vegetables, 
meet  the  definition  for  food.  But 
which,  how  much  of  each,  should  be 
included  in  the  daily  food  intake? 

Use  a  variety  of  unrefined,  whole 
foods  from  meal  to  meal,  and  day  to 
day,  but  keep  each  meal  simple. 

"Eat  largely  of  fruits  and  vegetables" 

is  a  guideline  from  the  pen  of  Health 
Educator  Ellen  G.  White  (Counsels  on 
Diet  and  Foods,  page  200).  Based  on 
this  principle: 


BREAKFAST.  .  . 

Good  nutrition  begins  with  a  good 
breakfast.  The  custom  of  many  is  to 
take  a  slight  breakfast, —  or  no  break- 
fast. However,  this  is  the  most 
important  meal  of  the  day.  The 
stomach  is  better  able  to  care  for 
more  food  at  breakfast  time  than  at 
the  second  or  third  meal  of  the  day. 
Breakfast  nutrients  are  needed  for  the 
activities  of  the  day.  Eating  a  large 
meal  at  night  burdens  the  body  with 
nutrients  that  are  not  needed  during 
rest.  Breakfast  should  more  nearly  be 
the  heartiest  meal  of  the  day. 


Fruits  and  vegetables  may  be  used 
freely,  forming  the  foundation  of  the 
diet.  Use  them  fresh  as  much  as 
possible. 

Grains  and  grain  products  should  be 
used  in  amounts  adequate  for  energy 
needs  and  for  maintaining  desired 
weight.  Foods  high  in  protein  should 
be  used  moderately. 

Concentrated  foods,  such  as  nuts  and 
seeds,  should  be  used  sparingly. 


Where  good  nutrition  begins! 

People  who  skip  breakfast  are  more 
likely  to  have  accidents  on  the  way  to 
work,  or  on  the  job,  than  are  those 
who  eat  a  warm  breakfast.  Even  if  no 
accidents  occur,  work  output  is 
reduced. 

See  Winston  J.  Craig,  Nutrition  for  the  Nineties,  226 


Yes,  breakfast  is  the  most  important 
meal  of  the  day.  With  a  little  planning, 
a  nourishing  meal  can  be  prepared, 
and  time  allowed  for  enjoying  it, 
before  taking  up  the  duties  of  the  day. 


As  breakfast  is  the  most  important  meal  of  the  day,  remember  (while  being 
temperate  in  all  things),  to  eat: 

BREAKFAST  LIKE  A  KING 

DINNER-LUNCH  LIKE  A  PRINCE 


1  21 


NUTRITION 


NUTRITION 


What  shall  we  have  for  breakfast? 


"Dry  food  that  requires  mastication  is  far  preferable  to  porridges.  .  .  . 

For  those  who  can  use  them, 

good  vegetables,  prepared  in  a  healthful  manner, 
are  better  than  soft  mushes  and  porridge. 

Fruits,  used  with  thoroughly  cooked  bread  two  or  three  days  old, 

which  is  more  healthful  than  fresh  bread, 

slowly  and  thoroughly  masticated, 
will  furnish  all  that  the  system  requires." 

Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful  Living,  90,  91 


Tip:  Don't  limit  your  breakfast  to  the  usual  "breakfast  foods."  Any  good  source 
of  energy  (complex  carbohydrates),  with  some  protein,  and,  of  course,  plenty  of 
fresh  fruits  or  vegetables, —  yes,  vegetables, —  are  excellent  foods  to  start  the 
day.  Note  again  the  advice  given  above.  It  may  be  surprising,  but  vegetables  are 
better  than  soft  mushes  or  porridge.  See  the  recipes  for  this  lesson  for  "jams" 
and  some  of  the  other  breakfast  suggestions.  Try: 


Whole  grain  waffles  with  "jams"  or 
fruit  sauce;  or  served  with  vegetables 
in  "cream"  or  savory  sauce. 

Rice-Soy  Pancakes  with  "jams"  or 
fruit  sauces,  or  a  savory  sauce. 

Steamed  brown  rice,  or  other  whole 
grain,  topped  with  non-dairy  milk  or 
cream,  served  with  fruit  and  nuts. 

Baked  Brown  Rice  served  with  nuts  or 
seeds  and  fruit  or  savory  sauce. 
Prepare  the  evening  before,  and  set 
timer  to  have  it  ready  for  breakfast. 

Breakfast  Granola  (oil  free)  with  fruit. 

Oven  potato  sticks  or  slices  with  Tasty 
Soy  Souffle. 


Steamed  brown  rice,  or  other  whole 
grain  topped  with  legumes,  or  a 
legume  gravy. 

Oven  Hash  Browns  with  Scrambled 
Tofu  prepared  without  added  fat. 

Wake  up  to  a  baked  potato  (set  the 
timer),  and  serve  with  a  Best  Chez 
Sauce  topping,  green  gravy,  or  legume 
gravy.  Excellent  replacement  for 
greasy  hash  browns  and  fried  eggs. 

Peachy  Breakfast  Cake,  with  fresh 
fruit  and  nuts.  Add  a  cup  of  thick 
split  pea  soup  for  a  more  hearty  meal. 

Try  the  various  nut,  fruit,  and/or  nut- 
grain  milks  or  creams,  as  well  as 
whole  Soy  Milk,  for  cereal  toppings. 


a 


NUTRITION 


Whole  grains  in  the  diet 


"Grains  used  for  porridge  or  'mush'  should  have  several  hours'  cooking. 
But  soft  or  liquid  foods  are  less  wholesome  than  dry  foods,  which  require 

thorough  mastication."  Ellen  G.  White,  Counsels  on  Diet  &  Foods,  314 


The  dictionary  defines  several  as 
being  more  than  two  but  fewer  than 
many.  Recent  research  is  confirming 
the  need  for  well-cooked  grains.  Well 
baked  breads  and  other  baked  grain 
dishes  are  good  foods, —  and  popcorn. 


Sprouted  grains  may  be  eaten  raw 
when  the  blade  is  as  long  as  the  grain. 

See  Agatha  Thrash,  MD,  Grains,  Cook' em,  Cook' em, 
Cook'em,  Emphasis:  Your  Health,  Spring,  1993,  Long 
Cooking  of  Grains  ,  ,  ,  Again,  Emphasis,  Spring,  1994 

See  1-Rx  4  for  cooking  guidelines. 


Should  we  be  eating  more  carbohydrates? 


One  of  the  key  recommendations  in 
the  Surgeon  General's  1988  report 
was  the  need  to  "Increase  the 
consumption  of  complex  carbohydrate 
(CHO)  and  fiber"  (see  page  3  of  this 
lesson).  Many  who  have  increased 
their  use  of  carbohydrate-rich  foods, 
especially  grains  and  grain  products, 
are  questioning  this  advice  because 
they  have  gained  unwanted  pounds. 
Their  confusion  and  concern  as  to 
what  they  should  eat  if  they  reduce 
their  consumption  of  protein  has  been 
expressed  in  the  popular  press. 

There  is  a  key  word  in  the  Surgeon 
General's  recommendation  that 
should  not  be  overlooked.  This  very 
important  word  is  complex.  Complex 
carbohydrates  include  whole  grains, 
legumes,  fruits,  nuts  and  vegetables. 
When  these  foods  are  refined  and 
processed  they  are  no  longer  complex 
but  simple  carbohydrates. 
Usually,  the  simple  carbohydrates, 
together  with  free  fats,  are  the  root  of 
an  overweight  problem,  because:  ( 1 ) 
they  do  not  satisfy,  so  they  encourage 


overeating;  (2)  they  release  energy 
quickly,  that  lasts  but  a  short  time. 
This  encourages  the  snacking  habit. 

The  complex  carbohydrates,  whole 
grains  and  whole  grain  products, 
together  with  legumes,  vegetables, 
fruits,  and  nuts,  are  satisfying,  which 
discourages  overeating;  and  they 
release  energy  more  slowly,  over  a 
longer  time  span, —  no  need  to  snack! 

Also,  the  rapid  absorption  of  free 
simple  carbohydrates  means  that 
these  must  be  converted  to  fat  or 
glycogen  (body  starch)  to  prevent 
excessively  high  blood  sugar,  which 
adversely  affects  the  brain.  The  high 
insulin  levels  drop  more  slowly  than 
the  blood  glucose,  and  reactive 
hypoglycemia  develops. 

Do  not  despair  if  you  enjoy  pasta. 
Whole  grain  pastas  are  available,  and 
they  are  tasty! 

Whole  grains  need  to  be  balanced  with 
an  abundance  of  vegetables  and  fruits, 


a 


NUTRITION 


which   also  are  carbohydrate   foods.     (See  Lesson  8.) 


a 


NUTRITION 


THE  DIGESTIVE  SYSTEM 


"The   stomach  has  a  controlling  power  upon  the  health  of  the  entire 

body."  Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful  Living, 

161 


The  best  of  foods  may  be  eaten,  but  if  they  are  not  properly  digested  the  system 
will  not  be  well  nourished.  A  brief  outline  of  this  most  important  system,  with 
some  guidelines  for  good  digestion  are  briefly  presented  here.  Some  of  the 
guidelines  will  be  considered  in  greater  detail  in  future  lessons. 


The  digestive  system  includes: 

Mouth  Small  intestines  Liver 

Esophagus  Large  intestines  Gall  bladder 

Stomach  Pancreas 


Gates:  There  are  several  "gates"  in 
the  system.  You  do  not  have  conscious 
control  over  most  of  them,  but  they 
should  function  normally  if  good 
habits  are  maintained. 

Lips:  The  quality  and  quantity  of 
foods  passing  this  gate  can  be 
controlled;  also,  the  timing  of 
taking  foods  into  the  system. 

Anus:  Answering  the  call 
promptly  will  encourage  regu- 
larity in  disposing  of  food 
residues,  reducing  possibility  of 
absorption  of  toxic  wastes. 


Mouth  includes: 

Grinders.  Chewing  the  food  slowly: 

1.  Prepares  food  for  digestion, 
and  mixes  it  with  saliva. 

2.  Helps  regulate  quantity  eaten. 


3.  Exercises   and  polishes  the 
teeth. 

Salivary  glands  provide  saliva 
which  starts  the  digestion  of 
starches  in  the  mouth. 

Taste  buds  savor  salty,  sour, 
bitter,  and  sweet,  making  meal- 
time pleasant  with  a  variety  of 
flavor  combinations.  Rushing 
through  meals  shortens  this 
pleasure,  and  hinders  digestion. 

Stomach  furthers  the  work  of 
digestion  as  it  churns  and  mixes  the 
food  with  its  gastric  juices 

Minerals,         vitamins,  and 

enzymes,     along     with  other 

nutrients  are  needed  to  make 
good  digestive  juices. 


NUTRITION 


Liquids  taken  with  meals  inhib- 
it the  flow  of  saliva,  and  dilute 
gastric  juices,  delaying  digestion 

Foods  coated  with  added  fat  are 
difficult  to  digest. 
Resting  immediately  after  a 
meal  slows  digestion.  It  is  better 
to  keep  active,  but  not  engage  in 
strenuous  activities. 

Irritants,  including,  spices, 
vinegar,  aspirin,  alcohol,  and 
some  other  drugs  affect,  not  just 
the  stomach  and  other  digestive 
organs,  but  also  the  finer  sensi- 
bilities of  the  mind  and  temper. 

Duodenum:  Alkaline  digestive  juices 
here  neutralize  stomach  acids. 

The  digestive  process  is  con- 
tinued in  the  duodenum.  Assi- 
milation of  nutrients  into  the 
blood  and  lymph  begins  here. 


Pancreas.  This  is  the  main  digestive 
gland.  It  secretes  powerful  enzymes 
which  it  pours  into  the  duodenum  to 
complete  the  digestion  of  foods. 


Liver.  One  of  the  hundreds  of 
functions  of  this  organ  is  the 
production  of  bile,  which  is  stored 
and  concentrated  in  the  gallbladder, 
and  poured  into  the  duodenum  to 
emulsify  fats  for  digestion. 

The  liver  has  to  deal  with  nutrients 
which  have  been  absorbed.  It  changes 
them  into  substances  the  body  can 
use,  and  directs  storage  of  the  excess 
for  future  use. 


J  ejunum  and  Ileum:  The  digestive 
process  continues  here  for  a  minor 
portion  of  undigested  food.  The  chief 
role  of  the  small  intestines  is 
absorption  of  nutrients. 
Colon:  Water  is  re-absorbed  here.  The 
colon  is  the  "holding  tank"  for  food 
residue.  It  should  empty  itself  at  least 
daily. 

Transit  time  should  be  about  30 
hours  or  less  from  eating  to 
defecation.  This  may  be 
checked  by  eating  a  generous 
portion  of  beets,  or  by  swallow- 
ing a  few  whole  kernels  of  sweet 
corn  with  a  meal;  then  noting 
first  appearance,  and  "all  clear" 
times.  Fiber-rich  foods  such  as 
fresh  foods  and  whole  grains 
help  shorten  transit  time. 

Food  residues  retained  in  the 
system  may  ferment  or  putrefy. 
Toxins  thus  produced  may  be 
absorbed  into  the  system.  It  is 
important  to  keep  the  transit 
time  short. 

Water  taken  between  meals  is 
an  aid  to  good  digestion,  and 
regularity  of  bowel  action. 

Exercise  is  also  important. 


Interdigestive  Phase:  The  stomach 
and  other  organs  of  digestion  need 
rest  between  work  sessions.  A  mini- 
mum of  five  hours  from  the  end  of  one 
meal  to  the  beginning  of  the  next  is 
needed  to  allow  time  for  this  rest. 


Snacking  interferes  with  the  inter- 
digestive phase.  The  introduction  of 
any  food  into  the  stomach  before  the 
previous    meal    has    been  digested 


a 


NUTRITION 


interferes    with    this    needed    rest,     increases  risk  of  disease, 
inhibits  the   digestive    process,  and 

Good  food  must  be  properly  digested  to  benefit  the  system;  also,  a  nutritious 
diet,  and  cooperation  with  the  laws  governing  the  digestive  processes,  are 
essential  for  good  digestion. 


NUTRITION 


An  interesting  experiment! 


An  experiment  conducted  at  the  New 
England  Sanitarium  shows  the  effects 
of  snacking. 

A  healthy  nurse  ate  an  ordinary  break- 
fast at  7:30  a.m.,  with  barium  so  X-ray 
pictures  would  show  progress  of 
digestion. 

During  the  day  she  ate  four  pieces  of 
fudge. 

One  at  9:00  a.m. 
One  at  11:00  a.m., 
One  at  2:00  p.m.,  and 
One  at  4:00  p.m. 


She  ate  dinner  at  12:00,  and  supper 
at  6:00  p.m. 

X-ray  pictures  showed  breakfast  was 
still  in  the  stomach  nine  hours  after  it 
was  eaten;  and  thirteen  and  one-half 
hours  after  breakfast  it  was  still  there. 

The  day  before  this  same  stomach 
digested  the  same  type  of  breakfast, 
with  no  fudge  snacks,  in  four  hours. 

Julius  Gilbert  White,  Abundant  Health,  93,  94 

Even  just  fruit  snacks  will  delay  the 
digestion  for  many  hours. 


More  tips  for  good  digestion 


Food  should  be  thoroughly  chewed  to 
allow  time  for  the  digestion  of  starch 
to  begin  in  the  mouth. 

Proper  clothing  is  an  aid  to  good 
digestion.  Tight  bands  around  the 
waist  or  abdomen  hinder  the  organs 
of  digestion  in  their  work.  Bands  tight 
enough  to  leave  a  mark  should  not  be 
worn.  Also,  if  the  limbs  are  not 
properly  clothed  during  cold  weather 
the  blood  is  chilled  back  from  its 
natural  course  and  the  internal  organs 
become  congested.  This  may  cause 
indigestion. 

The  stomach  should  be  finished  with 
its  work  for  the  day  when  we  lie  down 
to  rest, —  it  should  not  have  to  work 
while  we  sleep.  Time  for  rest  is 
essential  for  a  healthy  stomach. 

Some  may  find  two  meals  a  day  to  be 
sufficient,  giving  the  stomach  plenty 
of  rest.  If  a  third  meal  is  needed,  the 


foods  eaten  should  be  light,  and  taken 
several  hours  before  bedtime. 
A  sense  of  "goneness,"  and  desire  for 
frequent  eating  may  result  when  the 
organs  of  digestion  are  weakened 
from  constant  activity.  They  need  a 
good  rest,  not  more  food. 


The  intricate  workings  of  the  human 
body  are  truly  marvelous.  Taste  buds 
not  only  give  pleasure  as  we  eat  tasty 
foods,  but  they  also  serve  a  practical 
purpose.  Researches  have  found  that 
the  tongue  and  other  sensors  in  the 
gastrointestinal  tract,  among  other 
tasks,  assess  the  quality  of  food  in  a 
meal  and  order  adjustments  to  the 
digestive  processes  to  maximize 
absorption  of  nutrients. 

See  E.  Pennisi,  Gut  counts  calories  even  when  we  do 
not,  Science  News,  November  26,  1994,  359 

Rich,  complicated  foods,  or  too  great 
a  variety  at  one  meal,  could  frustrate 


a 


NUTRITION 


this  fine  tuning  of  the  digestive 
process. 


a 


NUTRITION 


Water  for  good  digestion  .  .  .  With,  or  between,  meals? 


"Taken  with  meals,  water  diminishes  the  flow  of  the  salivary  glands;  and 
the  colder  the  water  the  greater  the  injury  to  the  stomach." 

"To  quench  thirst,  pure  water,  drunk  some  little  time  before  or  after  a 

meal,  is  all  that  nature  requires."  Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful  Living,  89,  90 


No  drink  should  be  used  at  mealtime 
to  wash  the  food  down.  Liquids  taken 
with  meals  make  it  difficult  for  food  to 
digest,  as  the  liquid  has  to  be 
absorbed  before  the  stomach  can  do 
its  work.  For  this  reason  soups  are  not 
the  best  of  foods. 

Many  times  thirst  is  mistaken  for 
hunger.  A  glass  of  water  in  place  of  a 
snack  will  allay  the  thirst,  and  the 
next  meal  will  be  enjoyed  more 
because  the  stomach  has  had  its  rest. 


Iced  drinks  taken  with  meals  arrest 
the  digestion  until  the  stomach  can  be 
warmed  again. 

However,  water  is  very  essential  for 
good  digestion,  as  well  as  for  the 
healthy  action  of  every  body  cell. 
Lesson  3  contains  more  information 
on  the  role  of  water  in  a  health  pro- 
moting lifestyle.  But  the  need  to 
drink  plenty  of  water  is  so  important 
it  is  introduced  here.  Sorry!  Coffee, 
tea,  and  like  beverages  do  not  count. 


At  least  6  to  8  eight-ounce  glasses  of  water  should  be  taken  daily: 

2  glasses  upon  arising,  at  least  one-half  hour  before  breakfast, 
2  to  3  glasses  from  one-and-a-half  to  two  hours  after  meals, 

continuing  up  to  half  an  hour  before  the  next  meal, 

(but  not  during  meals); 
and  some  more  before  bedtime. 


It  is  best  to  drink  small  quantities  of  dilutes  body  fluids,  and  the  kidneys 

water  frequently  during  your  water-  excrete  it  within  a  short  time  to  bring 

drinking  time,  rather  than  to  drink  a  the  "water  level"  to  a  comfortable 

large  quantity  at  one  time.  Taking  a  range.  "Sipping"  is  a  good  way  to  take 

large  quantity  of  water  at  one  time  your  water! 

Remember  to: 

Drink  6  to  8  glasses  of  water  daily 
Eat  a  good  breakfast  every  morning. 


a 


EXERCISE 


Avoid  snacking  between  meals. 

EXERCISE  .  .  . 

For  a  Healthy  Condition  of  Body  and  Mind 


!!.\ 


Daily,  "Brisk,  yet  not  Violent,  Exercise" 


"Judicious  exercise  will  induce  the  blood  to  the  surface,  and  thus  relieve 
the  internal  organs.  Brisk,  yet  not  violent,  exercise  in  the  open  air,  with 
cheerfulness  of  spirits,  will  promote  the  circulation,  giving  a  healthful 
glow  to  the  skin,  and  sending  the  blood,  vitalized  by  the  pure  air,  to  the 

extremities."  Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful  Living,  132 


"Exercise  is  important  to  digestion,  and  to  a  healthy  condition  of  body  and 
mind."  ibid.  133 


And  the  Lord  God  took  the  man,  and  put  him  into  the  garden  of  Eden  to 
dress  it  and  to  keep  it.  Genesis 

2:15 


The  human  body  is  made  for  action. 
It  might  be  compared  to  nicely 
adjusted  machinery.  In  order  to  keep 
it  in  good  running  order  it  must  have 
proper  care.  One  part  should  not  be 
overworked,  while  another  part  rusts 
from  inaction;  the  mind  and  the 
muscles  should  each  have  their  share 
of  taxation  and  exercise. 

"More  people  die  for  want  of  exercise 
than  through  over  fatigue;  very  many 
more  rust  out  than  wear  out." 

Ellen  G.  White,  Counsels  on  Health,  173 

It  is  best  to  exercise  in  the  open  air, 
rain  or  shine! 


Useful  activities,  especially  when 
engaged  in  cheerfully,  are  of  great 
benefit.  Little  is  gained  if  the  activity 
is  thought  of  as  drudgery.  Even  a  walk 
among  beautiful  surroundings  on  a 
made-to-order  day  will  not  result  in 
much  good  if  engaged  in  with  an  "I'll 
do  it  if  I  have  to"  attitude. 

On  the  other  hand,  benefits  from 
exercise  can  be  increased  if  the  object 
is  to  do  some  good,  especially  if  it  is 
to  benefit  others.  This  is  an  excellent 
way  to  encourage  the  release  of  beta- 
endorphins  by  the  brain,  the  natural, 
safe,  pain  relieving,  memory 
enhancing,  morphine-like  hormone. 


32 


LEAVES  FROM  TELE  TREE    OF  LIFE 

Vegetarian,Whole  Foods,Cooker^  and  Health  Seminar 


A  merry  heart  doeth  good  like  a  medicine;  but  a  broken  spirit  drieth  the 

bones.  Proverbs  17:22 


33 


LEAWES  FROM  THE  TREE    OF  LIFE 

Vegetarian,Whole  Foods^Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 

Exercise  is  one  of  the  most  important  essentials  to  a  healthy  lifestyle. 


It  improves  the  circulation  of  blood  to 
every  organ,  every  cell,  encouraging 
metabolic  processes.  For  want  of 
exercise  some  vital  exchanges  in  the 
system  may  not  take  place.  Muscle 
action  helps  "milk"  blood  back  to  the 
heart  through  the  veins,  helping  the 
heart  in  its  work. 

It  is  essential  for  muscular  develop- 
ment, including  the  heart  muscle.  As 
the  heart  muscle  is  strengthened  the 
resting  heart  rate  is  reduced,  allowing 
the  heart  to  rest  longer  between 
beats. 

It  aids  in  the  purification  of  the  blood, 
as  it  encourages  perspiration,  and 
blood  passes  more  often  through 
lungs,  kidneys,  and  skin,  where 
poisonous  wastes  are  removed. 

It  lowers  the  blood  cholesterol  level. 

It  helps  to  lower  blood  pressure. 


It  develops  the  respiratory  muscles, 
and  expands  the  chest. 

It  increases  lung  capacity,  thus 
increasing  resistance  to  disease. 

It  improves  digestion  and  the  general 
health  and  action  of  the  colon. 

It  hastens  healing  processes  because 
of  a  better  supply  and  quality  of  blood. 

It  is  essential  to  growth,  tending  to 
symmetrical  growth  of  the  body. 

It  develops  good  posture,  and  gives 
grace  and  steadiness  to  movements. 


Outdoor  exercise  in  the  morning  is 
necessary  for  healthy  circulation  of 
the  blood.  It  safeguards  against  colds, 
coughs,  congestions,  inflammations, 
and  many  other  diseases. 


"There  is  no  exercise  that  can  take  the  place  of  walking.  By  it  the 
circulation  of  the  blood  is  greatly  improved.  .  .  .  Walking,  in  all  cases 
where  it  is  possible,  is  the  best  remedy  for  diseased  bodies,  because  in 
this  exercise  all  of  the  organs  of  the  body  are  brought  into  use." 

Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful  Living,  129,  130 

"Each  organ  and  muscle  has  its  work  to  do  in  the  living  organism.  Every 
wheel  in  the  machinery  must  be  a  living,  active,  working  wheel.  .  .  A 
variety  of  exercise  will  call  into  use  all  the  muscles  of  the  body."      ibid.,  128 


Make  walking-time  family-time, — a 
sharing  time.  It  can  also  be  made  a 
learning-time.  Observe  plants,  trees, 
birds,  and  animals  along  the  way, 
drawing  object  lessons  from  what  is 


observed  for  the  children  and  young 
people.  Take  a  different  route  from 
time  to  time  to  include  new  items  to 
observe  and  to  learn  about,  as  well  as 
to  enjoy  new  scenery. 


34 


EXERCISE 


Tips  on  exercise 

As  our  diet  should  include  a  variety  of 
foods  from  day  to  day,  it  is  also  best  to 
include  a  variety  of  activities  in  the 
exercise  program,—  strength  building 
as  well  as  aerobic. 

Conditioning  exercise  should  be 
preceded  by  warm-ups  for  about  10 
minutes  to  enhance  the  capacity  to 
exercise.  This  also  tends  to  prevent 
injuries  by  loosening  up  tendons,  liga- 
ments, and  joints. 

A  cool-down  period  after  the 
conditioning  exercise  is  also 
important.  Blood  that  is  trapped  in 
the  exercising  muscles  needs  to  get 
back  to  the  heart  and  lungs. 
Continuing  movement  "massages"  the 
blood  back  to  the  central  circulation. 

Learn  to  "listen"  to  your  body.  It  is 
normal  to  be  tired  after  exercising; 
but  the  overall  effect  should  be 
invigorating.  An  exercise  program 
should  not  leave  a  person  feeling 
exhausted  all  the  time. 

You  should  be  able  to  carry  on  a 
conversation  during  a  brisk  walk. 
Slow  the  pace  if  you  cannot  talk  while 
walking. 

Avoid  strenuous  exercise  just  before, 
or  immediately  following  meals.  Light 
exercise  after  meals  is  very  beneficial. 

Benefits  derived  from  exercise  in  the 
open  air,  away  from  busy  streets  and 
highways,  or  other  sources  of  air  pol- 
lution, are  far  superior  to  the  results 
obtained  in  a  gymnasium  or  other  type 
of  indoor  activity.  Areas  near  streams 
or  lakes,  and/or  near  wooded  areas 
where  the  air  is  more  pure,  are  best 
for  exercising.  Sunlight  with  exercise 
increases  the  benefits  even  more. 


It  is  not  necessary  to  join  some 
aerobics  or  gymnastics  group  to  gain 
the  benefits  of  exercise.  Useful 
employment,  especially  in  the  open 
air,  is  excellent  exercise.  This  could 
take  in  many  activities;  such  as, 
chopping  wood,  raking  leaves,  shovel- 
ing snow,  washing  the  windows  or 
car,  and,  of  course,  gardening.  See 
Appendix  B  for  Tips  on  Gardening. 

Practice  deep  breathing  exercises 
while  doing  some  household  chores  in 
the  open  air,  such  as: 

Ironing  on  the  back  porch  or 
veranda. 

Kneading  bread  by  hand  near  an 
open  window,  or  outdoors. 

Preparing  garden   produce  for 
canning,  etc.,  etc. 

Another  option:  step  out  on  the  back 
porch  or  veranda,  and  skip  rope  for  a 
few  minutes,  or  pretend  to  skip 
rope, —  using  the  arms  as  if  swinging  a 
rope  to  help  expand  the  lungs.  This 
can  be  varied  to  provide  easy,  or  more 
demanding,  exercise. 

By  all  means,  include  walking  in  your 
exercise  program.  Remember,  "There 
is  no  exercise  that  can  take  the  place 
of  walking."  A  brisk  walk  in  the 
morning  is  a  good  way  to  start  the 
day,  and  an  evening  stroll  can  soothe 
and  quiet  the  nerves  for  a  good 
night's  sleep. 


When  a  person  attains  fitness  and  is  in 
shape,  less  sleep  is  needed;  therefore, 
time  for  exercise  need  not  leave  less 
time  for  other  activities. 


35 


EXERCISE 


How  much  should  a  person  exercise? 


For  most  people,  the  watchword  at 
the  beginning  of  this  lesson  should  be 
the  guide: 

"Brisk,  yet  not  violent,  exercise." 


It  isn't  necessary  to  engage  in  a 
"training"  type  exercise  program  to 
increase  the  heart  rate  to  a  certain 
count.  However,  the  daily  routine 
should  include  time  for  some  outdoor 
activity  that  will  provide  moderate  to 
brisk  exercise  for  at  least  30  minutes. 
More  would  be  better.  Moderate  to 
brisk  daily  exercise  is  better  than 
strenuous  exercise  once  or  twice  a 
week.  Even  20  to  30  minutes  three 
times  a  week  will  bring  a  marked 
improvement  in  health  over  that 
experienced  in  a  sedentary  lifestyle. 
We  were  designed  to  be  active, —  in 
motion, —  every  day. 


Do  not  rush  into  your  exercise  activity. 
The  heart  rate  should  be  increased 
gradually, —  to  a  comfortable  rate.  A 
good  rule  is  to  continue  the  activity 
long  enough  to  induce  perspiration. 
This  will  ensure  that  the  blood  is 
coursing  through  all  the  capillaries, 
not  just  trickling  through  a  few  of 
them  at  a  time,  as  may  be  the  situa- 
tion when  one  is  sedentary. 

Activities  should  be  varied  to  call  into 
action  all  the  muscles  of  the  body. 
Remember  to  include  strength 
building,  as  well  as  aerobic,  activities. 

You  should  feel  invigorated  and  rested 
after  exercising,  not  worn  out  and 
sore.  You  may  feel  tired  for  a  little 
while,  but  that  should  pass.  Muscle 
soreness  may  be  experienced  for  a  day 
or  two  after  overdoing,  but  should  not 
last  much  longer  than  that 


Remember: 

Start  an  exercise  program  sensibly  and  gradually 

Exercise  aids  the  heart  in  its  work,  and  promotes  good  circulation  so  the  blood 
can  supply  the  needs  of  the  most  remote  cells. 

Wholesome  foods  are  needed  to  supply  fuel  and  other  nutrients  for  active  cells. 
A  more  alkaline  blood  stream  is  conducive  to  greater  endurance. 

If  you  don't  find  time  to  exercise, 

it  is  very  likely  that 
you  will  have  to  find  time  to  be  sick! 


36 


EXERCISE 


CARBOHYDRATES 

Dr.  Thrash  comments,  "Energy.  In 
the  body,  the  reverse  of  the  photo- 
synthetic  process  yields  energy  with 
carbon  dioxide  and  water  as  by- 
products. Carbon  dioxide  is  breathed 
off  in  the  lungs,  and  water  is  used  to 
hydrate  the  tissues  or  is  eliminated 
through  the  kidneys." 


Agatha  Moody  Thrash,  M.D.,  and  Calvin  L  Thrash, 
Jr.,  M.D.,  Nutrition  for  Vegetarians,  35. 


What  a  wonderful  arrangement. 
Leaves,  powered  by  the  sun,  make 
foods;  this  energy  is  released  in  our 
bodies  as  nutrients  are  metabolized. 


Which  of  the  main  food  types,  proteins,  carbohydrates,  or  fats,  is  the 
best  source  of  fuel  for  energy? 


Many  people  think  that  a  liberal 
supply  of  protein,  especially  as  found 
in  flesh  foods,  is  needed  in  order  to 
perform  hard  physical  labor.  Is  this 
true? 

"Foods  for  fuel  to  produce  energy  can 
be  carbohydrates,  fats,  or  proteins, 
but  carbohydrates  make  by  far  the 
best  fuel.  .  .  No  part  of  the 
carbohydrate  molecule  is  left  over  to 
be  disposed  of  in  some  way  other  than 
through  the  process  that  furnishes 
energy. "  Md.  34 

However,  if  there  is  a  shortage  of 
carbohydrates,  and  protein  has  to  be 
burned  as  fuel,  the  body  has  to  split 
off  the  amino  group (s)  and  dispose  of 


them.  This  is  not  only  a  waste  of 
nutrients,  but  also  places  an  extra 
burden  on  both  the  liver  and  kidneys, 
and  weakens  the  bones  as  calcium  is 
used  in  the  process. 

Fats  can  be  used  as  fuel,  but  they  do 
not  burn  as  efficiently  as  carbo- 
hydrates do.  Muscle  cells  can  be 
"conditioned,"  or  trained,  to  use  fat 
for  energy.  Such  training  reduces  the 
requirement  for  insulin. 

"Carbohydrates  represent  almost  the 
entire  source  of  energy  for  nerve 
tissue,  as  fats  and  proteins  cannot  be 
utilized  well  by  nerve  cells  to  produce 
energy."  ibid.  36 


Are  highly  refined  carbohydrates  good  energy  foods? 


Refined,  devitalized,  foods  may 
furnish  carbohydrates,  but  they  lack 
many  nutrients  found  in  whole,  un- 
refined foods  that  protect  or  aid  the 
metabolism  of  the  food.  To  recombine 
these  nutrients  in  their  proper  ratio 
as  found  in  natural,  whole  foods  would 
take  time  and  skill  beyond  our 
abilities. 

See  Zane  R  Kime,  M.D.,  M.S.,  Sunlight,  1 18 


Besides  the  problems  from  the  lack  of 
nutrients,  refined  foods  are  highly 
concentrated.  It  takes  6-8  feet  of 
average-sized  sugar  cane  to  make  one 
cube  of  sugar!  Who  could  eat  that 
many  feet  of  sugar  cane  at  one  time? 
Refined  carbohydrates,  including 
sugar,  do  not  meet  the  definition  of 
food.  They  do  not  contain  all  needed 
nutrients,—  and  clog  the  system. 


37 


EXERCISE 


Is  the  refined  carbohydrate 

S UGAR .  .  .  A  Good  Fuel,  or  Trouble  Maker? 


The  free  use  of  sugar  in  any  form  tends  to  clog  the  system,  and  is  not 

unfrequently  a  cause  of  disease."  Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful  Living,  83 


It  is  not  good  to  eat  much  honey.        Proverbs  25:27 

The  following  warning  against  an  excessive  use  of  sugar  was  written  in  1905, 
when  sugar  consumption  was  far  less  than  it  is  today. 

"Far  too  much  sugar  is  ordinarily  used  in  food." 

Ellen  G.  White,  Counsels  on  Diet  and  Foods,  1 13 


PER  CAPITA  CONSUMPTION  OF  SUGAR  IN  THE  U.S. 

(Pounds) 

From  Zane  R  Kime,  M,D.,  M.S.,  Sunlight  1 19 

1822  1900  1929  1959  1973 

8.9  65.3  119  106  126 


The  consumption  of  sugar  and  other 
sweeteners  in  1990  was  138  pounds 
per  person.  This  includes  corn 
sweeteners,  honey,  maple  sugar, 
syrup,  sorghums,  and  low- calorie 
sweeteners  such  as  saccharin  and 
aspartame. 


The  annual  consumption  of  flour  and 
cereal  products,  (including  wheat, 
rye,  rice,  corn,  oat,  and  barley)  in 
1990  was  185  pounds  per  person. 


This  is  amazing!  The  use  of  sugars  and 
other  sweeteners  amounts  to  nearly 
three -fourths  as  much  as  the  use  of 
flour  and  cereal  products!  For  each 
pound  of  grain  and  grain  products 
consumed,  the  average  American 
consumes  about  three-fourths  of  a 
pound  of  those  simple,  refined, 
carbohydrates,— sugar  and  other 
sweeteners!  And,  a  good  share  of  the 
grain  products  are  refined.  Is  it  any 
wonder  that  degenerative  diseases  are 
so  prevalent? 


Be  a  label  reader.  Sweeteners  are  used  in  a  wide  variety  of  foods,  including 
many  vegetables.  Also,  a  variety  of  sweeteners  may  be  used  in  a  product  so  that 
at  first  glance  the  sweetener  content  does  not  appear  to  be  high,  when  it  is. 


38 


EXERCISE 


Are  some  sugars  better  than  others? 


The  simple  sugars  (monosaccharides) 
glucose,  dextrose,  fructose,  and  grape 
sugar  as  they  come  in  their  natural 
state  in  fruits  and  plants  are  excellent 
fuels  for  cells  to  use  in  producing 
energy  and  heat. 

Sucrose,  or  common  table  sugar,  is  a 
double  (disaccharide)  sugar  com- 
posed of  one  molecule  each  of 
fructose  and  glucose.  The  very  nature 
of  this  double  sugar  is  very  irritating 
to  the  gastro-intestinal  tract  until  it  is 
broken  down  to  its  simple  sugars  in 
the  small  intestine.  This  is  true  of 
sucrose  whether  in  the  form  of  white 
sugar,  or  the  various  brown  sugars. 

White  sugar  is  pure  carbohydrate. 
The  vitamins,  minerals,  and  other 
nutrients  found  in  the  cane  and  beets 
have  been  removed.  The  various 
"brown"  sugars  contain  only  minimal 
amounts  of  minerals.  However,  all  of 
them  are  highly  concentrated,  and  as 
such  they  clog  the  system,  inhibiting 
the  delicate  chemical  reactions  that 


must  take  place  in  the  cells  to 
maintain  good  health. 

Refined  carbohydrates,  including 
honey,  are  absorbed  quickly  into  the 
system,  calling  for  insulin  to  help  use 
the  high  level  of  glucose  in  the  blood. 
The  insulin  lowers  the  glucose  level 
within  a  short  time,  resulting  in  an 
"all  gone"  feeling.  More  concentrated 
sweets  are  consumed  to  raise  the 
energy  level  again,  and  the  process  is 
repeated  again  and  again. 

Natural,  complex  carbohydrates,  as 
found  in  fruits,  vegetables,  whole 
grains  and  other  natural  foods  are 
easily  digested,  but  they  are  absorbed 
and  metabolized  more  slowly, 
sustaining  a  more  even  energy  level. 

Even  natural,  unrefined,  concentrated 
sweet  foods  should  be  used  judi- 
ciously. Fresh  fruits  and  vegetables, 
together  with  whole  grains  and 
legumes,  are  the  best  sources  of  fuel 
for  body  cells. 


What  about  sugar  alternates  or  substitutes? 


Is  not  fructose  a  "natural"  sugar,  since 
it  is  found  in  fruit?  Fructose  is  found 
in  fruits;  however,  the  white,  finely 
granulated,  product  that  may  be 
purchased  in  the  market  may  have 
been  produced  by  breaking  the  tie 
binding  fructose  and  glucose  together 
as  sucrose,  or  from  corn  starch 
through  chemical  reactions.  Thus  it  is 
a  further  refinement  of  already 
refined  products.  Dr.  Thrash  notes: 

"When  an  excess  of  fructose  appears 
in  the  blood,  it  is  converted  to  lactic 
acid.    Some    physiologists  associate 


lactic  acid  build-up  in  muscles  with 
the  appearance  of  symptoms  of 
fatigue.  Fructose  seems  to  be  more 
difficult  for  the  biochemical  systems 
to  handle  than  glucose." 

Agatha  Moody  Thrash,  M.D.,  and  Calvin  L  Thrash, 
Jr.,  M.D.,  Nutrition  for  Vegetarians,  35. 

Refined  sweets  are  devitalized  and 
concentrated.  The  new,  artificial, 
and/or  rare  sweeteners  as  refined  or 
artificial  products  may  also  be  harmful 
to  the  body.  Some  are  more  difficult 
for  the  system  to  digest  and/ or 
metabolize  than  is  common  sugar. 


39 


LEAWEB  FROM  TELE  TREE    OE  MEE 

Vegetarian,Whole  Foods^Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 

What  about  canning  fruit? 


"Wherever  fruit  can  be  grown  in  abundance,  a  liberal  supply  should  be 
prepared  for  winter,  by  canning  or  drying. 

"Use  little  sugar,  and  cook  the  fruit  only  long  enough  to  ensure  its 

preservation."  Ellen  G.  White,  Counsels  on  Diet  and  Foods,  311 


Sucrose  is  hydrolyzed  when  boiled  in 
water  with  acids,  or  digested  in  the 
gut.  This  changes  it  to  invert  sugar; 
that  is,  separates  it  into  its  simple 
sugar  components  of  glucose  and 
fructose.  Honey  is  mainly  invert  sugar; 
not  as  refined  as  hydrolyzed  sucrose, 
but  still  a  concentrated  sweet!  In  the 
canning  process  sucrose  will  be  con- 
verted to  invert  sugar.  But  the  guide- 
line is,  "use  little  sugar,"  as  any  sugar 
is  highly  concentrated  and  refined. 


Not  much  liquid  is  needed  when  fruit 
is  packed  tightly  into  jars,  then  very 
little  added  sweetening  will  make  it 
tasty.  The  less  liquid  used,  the  less 
sweetening  needed.  Fruit  juices,  such 
as  pineapple  or  apple,  may  be  used  for 
all  or  part  of  the  liquid,  reducing  or 
eliminating  the  need  for  other  sweet- 
eners. We  need  to  remember,  how- 
ever, that  some  commercial 
"unsweetened"  juices  may  have  added 
sweeteners. 


Sugary  advice! 

If  used,  use  refined  sugars  sparingly; 
and  other  concentrated  sweeteners, 
such  as  syrups,  sorghum,  and  concen- 
trated fruit  juices,  judiciously. 

Artificial  chemical  sweeteners  should 
not  be  used.  The  body  was  not 
designed  to  deal  with  them. 

Many  are  tempted  to  eat  rich  desserts 
after  having  eaten  all  that  was  needed 
to  nourish  the  system.  In  addition  to 
placing  an  extra  load  on  the  digestive 
organs,  the  devitalized  ingredients  in 
these  rich  desserts  clog  the  system. 

Learn  to  enjoy  the  natural  sweetness 
in  foods,  especially  the  fruits.  Many 
vegetables  are  sweet  to  the  taste,  such 
as  squash,  sweet  corn,  tender  peas, 
and  carrots.  Enjoy  them! 


Dried  fruits,  such  as  raisins,  prunes, 
apples,  apricots,  etc.,  can  be  used  as 
staple  articles  of  diet  much  more 
freely  than  is  customary  if  they  can  be 
obtained  at  reasonable  prices.  They 
are  good  energy  foods,  bringing  health 
and  vigor  to  those  who  use  them. 

Sweet  treats  can  be  made  of 
wholesome  ingredients  that  will 
furnish  part  of  the  nutrients  for  the 
meal.  A  good  practice  is  to  place  the 
dessert  on  the  table  with  the  other 
food,  or  let  diners  know  that  it  will  be 
served,  thus  encouraging  temperance. 

The  recipes  for  this  lesson  furnish  a 
sampling  of  sweet  treats  made  with 
natural  sweets,  some  with  concentra- 
ted sweeteners,  as  concentrated  fruit 
juices  or  honey.  Use  temperately! 


40 


EXERCISE 


Remember,  "the  free  use  of  sugar  in  any  form  tends  to  clog  the  system." 


Insulin  and  chromium  are  required  to 
move  sugar  from  the  blood  stream 
into  cells  where  it  can  be  burned. 

Many  natural  foods  contain  chromium, 
but  most  of  it  is  removed  when  foods 
are  refined,  so  the  diet  of  the  Average 
American  contains  very  little.  When 
refined  sugar  (with  no  chromium)  is 


consumed,  chromium  must  be  taken 
from  body  stores,  if  available,  in  order 
to  use  the  sugar.  Disease  is  invited  as 
chromium  reserves  are  depleted. 

Chromium  is  also  needed  to  move  fat 
and  amino  acids  from  the  blood 
stream  into  body  cells. 

See  Zane  R.  Kime,.  M.D.,  M.S.,  Sunlight,  120 


Effect  of  Sugar  Intake  on  the  Ability  of  White  Blood  Cells  to  Destroy  Bacteria 


Amount  of  sugar 
eaten  at  one  time 
by  average  adult 
(in  teaspoons) 

0 

6 
12 
18 
24 

Uncontrolled  diabetic 


Number  of 
bacteria  destroyed 
by  each  WBC 

14.0 
10.0 

5.5 

2.0 

1.0 

1.0 


Percentage  decrease 
in  ability  to 
destroy  bacteria 

0 
25 
60 
85 
92 
92 


Agatha  Moody  Thrash,  M.  D.,  and  Calvin  L.  Thrash,  Jr.,  M.  D.,  Nutrition  for  Vegetarians,  40 

From  studies  made  at  Loma  Linda  University 


Complex  carbohydrates  provide  peak  performance! 


Just  as  a  car  operates  better  on  high- 
octane  fuel,  so  the  human  body 
operates  best  on  the  fuel  designed  for 
it.  Complex  (unrefined)  carbohy- 
drates were  designed  for  the  needs  of 
the  body.  Refined  carbohydrates  clog 
the  system. 

Whole  grains,  legumes,  fruits,  and 
vegetables  are  excellent  sources  of 
complex  (unrefined)  carbohydrates. 
They  are  abundant,  and  less  expensive 
than  high  protein  or  high  fat  foods. 
Energy  is  released  more  slowly  and 
over  a  longer  period   of  time  from 


complex  carbohydrates  than  from 
simple  (refined)  carbohydrates. 

A  fresh  apple  will  provide  sustained 
energy  for  about  4  hours;  apple  sauce 
will  provide  a  quicker,  higher  rise  in 
energy,  but  for  a  shorter  time;  apple 
juice  will  give  a  quick,  high  rise  in 
energy,  that  will  also  drop  quickly  (in 
about  two  hours)  to  a  lower  level. 

As  complex  carbohydrates  provide 
sustaining  energy  they  are  a  great 
help  to  those  who  have  fluctuating 
blood  sugar  levels. 


Complex  carbohydrates  are  the  body's  preferred  source  of  fuel  for  sustained 
energy  and  heat.  Proteins  and  fats  are  not  as  efficient  fuels,  and  disposing  of 
the  waste  products  from  proteins  places  an  extra  burden  on  the  body. 


41 


EXERCISE 


BASICS: 


Cells  are  the  wonderful,  basic  units  of  the  body — yes,  of  all  living  things!  They 
vary  in  size  and  shape  in  different  body  tissues,  each  performing  its  own 
specific  task.  Most  of  the  billions  of  cells  in  the  human  body  are  so  small  it 
takes  a  powerful  microscope  to  see  them.  Each  is  complete  in  itself  with  mini 
organs,  known  as  organelles,  that  enable  it  to  take  in  nutrients,  remove  waste 
materials,  breathe,  and  perform  its  special  function  in  the  body. 


Centrioles 


Some  of  the  minute 
organelles  of  a  typical 
cell  are  shown  in  this 
diagram. 


Nucleus  is  the  command 
center  of  the  cell, 
containing  the  DNA. 

Nucleolus,  which  is 
within  the  nucleus, 
contains  the  RNA. 

Centrioles  are  believed 
to  aid  in  cell  division. 


Vacuole 


Nucleus 
Nucleolus 


Endoplasmic 
Reticulum 


Vacuole 


Cytoplasm 


ft  @  MMfrTJi    "  V- 


Lysosome 


w 


r>  \  vX   -..Ml/  0 

1  v}<     '  J,  I 


Vacuole 


Endoplasmic 
Reticulum 


Vacuole 


Golgi 


Endoplasmic  Reticulum  build  various 
proteins  from  building  blocks,  and 
transport  them;  and  may  be  involved 
in  producing  steroid  molecules.  They 
also  engulf  and  destroy  viruses  and 
germs. 


Golgi  Complexes  are  believed  to  store 
and  concentrate  proteins,  and  are 
involved  in  lipid  and  carbohydrate 
chemistry. 


Lysosomes  are  minute  containers  of 
enzymes  which  break  down  complex 
nutrients  and  perform  many  other 
tasks. 

Mitochondria  are  the  marvelous  little 
powerhouses  that  provide  heat  and 
energy. 

Vacuoles  are  minute  containers  that 
transport  various  compounds  within 
the  cell,  as  well  as  move  wastes  out, 
and  nutrients  in. 


42 


EXERCISE 


"Choose  something  better"  for  healthy  cells! 


These  little  bits  of  life  need  clean, 
nontoxic  surroundings,  and  the  right 
kind  of  fuel,  building  materials,  and 
other  supplies  necessary  for  their 
specific  functions,  in  order  to  remain 
normal  and  function  efficiently.  They 
will  do  the  best  they  can  with  what  is 
available.  But  if  they  have  to  work  with 
"building  blocks"  that  don't  fit,  or  a 
fuel  that  leaves  debris  in  the  system, 
or  have  to  live  and  work  in  a  "muddy" 
or  "stagnant"  situation  in  the  extra- 
cellular spaces,  they  may  be  damaged. 
Parts  of  a  cell  may  be  altered  in 
structure  and  function.  It  may  sicken, 
and  even  die.  The  whole  system 
suffers  the  consequences. 


As  we  learn  to  practice  the  eight  true 
remedies,  giving  our  cells  our  best, 
they  will  do  their  best  for  us — adding 
zest  to  our  lives! 


Some  people  have  inherited  a  greater 
measure  of  vitality  than  others,  and 
some  may  have  lived  more  in  harmony 
with  the  eight  true  remedies  than 
others  have;  but  no  matter  what  a 
person's  experience  may  have  been, 
increased  vigor  and  vitality  may  be 
experienced  when  the  eight  true 
remedies  are  practiced. 


Your  cells  are  dependent  on  your 
choices  in  providing  for  their  needs. 
They  cannot  move  to  another  "host" 
to  find  better  living  conditions. 


If  cells  are  supplied  with  needed 
nutrients  and  wastes  are  promptly 
removed,  they  can  function  properly; 
but  if  toxic  substances  are  introduced, 
proper  nutrients  not  supplied,  and 
wastes  accumulate — there  is  trouble 
within  the  cell,  and  for  the  body. 


"Each  living  cell  is  a  mass  of  restless 
activity.  It  is  a  dynamic  unit  of  life, 
born  for  only  one  purpose, — to  carry 
out  its  own  particular  functions. 
Within  this  tiny  world  of  streams  and 
surfaces  all  kinds  of  wonderful  things 
are  going  on.  It  is  said  that  over  a 
thousand  different  electro-chemical 
reactions  are  taking  place  within  the 
one  tiny  cell  all  at  the  same  time.  If 
anything  borders  on  the  miraculous,  it 

is  this."  Clifford  R.  Anderson,  M.D., 

Modern  Ways  to  Health,  514 


Some  of  the  harmful  effects  of  devitalized  foods  have  been  touched  on  in  this 
lesson,  and  the  benefits  of  exercise  to  enhance  cell  efficiency  and  activity. 
Future  lessons  will  give  added  insights  on  things  or  practices  that  inhibit 
healthy  cell  activity,  or  that  promote  their  health. 


43 


EXERCISE 


THE  BONES  AND  MUSCLES 


"The  exercise  of  one  muscle,  while  others  are  left  with  nothing  to  do, 
will  not  strengthen  the  inactive  ones,  any  more  than  the  continual 
exercise  of  one  of  the  organs  of  the  mind  will  develop  and  strengthen  the 
organs  not  brought  into  use.  Each  faculty  of  the  mind  and  each  muscle 
has  its  distinctive  office,  and  all  require  to  be  exercised  in  order  to 
become  properly  developed  and  retain  healthful  vigor.  ...  A  variety  of 
exercise  will  call  into  use  all  the  muscles  of  the  body." 

Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful  Living,  127,  128 


Bones  are  the  firmest  parts  of  the 
system,  yet  they  are  not  lifeless  sticks 
supporting  the  body.  They  have 
sufficient  vital  tissue  to  perform  their 
functions  and  to  repair  injuries  should 
they  occur.  Bones  not  only  provide 
support  for  the  softer  tissues  of  the 
body,  they  also: 

Protect  vital  organs, 

Act  as  storehouses,  releasing 
stored  nutrients  on  demand 
from  the  body. 

Provide  motion:  The  bones  act 
as  levers,  providing  motion  in 
conjunction  with  muscles. 

Form  blood  cells. 


Blood  cells  are  formed  in  bone 
marrow.  New  red  blood  cells  and 
platelets  are  being  made  and  added  to 


the  blood  stream  continually;  but,  on 
demand,  production  increases.  New 
white  blood  cells  linger  in  the  marrow 
until  called  for. 


The  well-arched  skull  secures  the 
greatest  possible  strength  to  protect 
the  brain  from  injury. 


The  peculiar  curves  of  the  spinal 
column  conduct  away  the  lines  of 
force  from  activities  such  as  walking, 
running,  and  jumping,  preventing 
much  of  the  jarring  from  reaching  the 
head.  The  discs  between  the 
vertebrae  also  help  to  cushion  the 
brain  during  strenuous  activities. 


The  thorax  is  a  bony  cage  protecting 
the  lungs,  important  nerves,  heart 
and  great  blood  vessels. 


44 


EXERCISE 


Hygiene  of  the  bones 

Good  nutrition  is  essential  for  healthy 
bones.  This  should  include  an 
adequate  supply  of  minerals  as  found 
in  green  leafy  vegetables,  legumes, 
and  whole  grains.  The  protein  intake 
should  be  adequate;  however,  an 
excess  (even  of  vegetable  origin) 
should  be  avoided,  since  this  results 
in  loss  of  calcium.  (See  Lesson  6  for 
more  information  on  green  leafy 
vegetables  as  a  source  of  minerals.) 

Exercise  stimulates  bones  to  attract 
and  retain  minerals. 


Young  children  have  soft,  pliable, 
bones  that  yield  when  subjected  to 
more  strain  than  they  can  bear,  and 
may  be  distorted.  Care  should  be 
taken  to  avoid  placing  too  much  stress 
on  soft,  pliable,  bones,  such  as 
encouraging  infants  to  walk  before 
they  have  matured  properly. 

Children  need  plenty  of  outdoor 
exercise  to  develop  well  formed, 
sturdy  bones.  The  exercise  should  be 
varied,  with  frequent  intervals  for 
rest. 


Correct  posture  is  to  be  taught,  encouraged,  and  practiced.  Improper  positions 
assumed  in  lying,  sitting,  standing,  and  walking  result  in  many  evils.  Many 
cases  of  spinal  curvatures  may  be  credited  to  poor  posture  in  school  rooms. 


Osteoporosis 

Osteoporosis  is  a  thinning  of  the 
bones,  which  leads  to  easy  fractures. 
This  problem  usually  afflicts  meno- 
pausal women,  the  elderly,  and 
invalids.  The  use  of  animal  products  in 
the  diet  increases  the  acid  radicals  of 
the  blood.  Calcium  leached  from  the 
bones  to  help  neutralize  these  acid 
radicals  is  disposed  of  in  the  urine 
with  the  acid  radical  wastes. 

See  Agatha  Moody  Thrash,  M.D.,  Calvin  L  Thrash, 
Jr.,  M.D.,  Nutrition/or  Vegetarians,  5,  102,  and  103 


Changes  in  hormones  associated  with 
severe  depression  also  reduces  bone 
density.  Depression  often  leads  to 
poor  eating  habits  which  also  affects 
bone  density.  "A  broken  spirit  drieth 

the  bones."  PrOV  17:22.     See  Depressed  to 
the  Bone  .  .  .  Science  News,  1 1 126/94 

Dr.  John  R.  Lee,  M.  D.,  has  shown  that 
a  plant-source  progesterone  used  as  a 
special  skin  cream,  has  a  capacity  to 


increase  bone  density,  and  will  check 
osteoporosis  when  used  with  proper 
diet  and  exercise.  See  your  physician. 
Simple  tests  indicate  if  there  is  a 
need,  or  if  absorption  is  adequate.  See 

Milton  G.  Crane,  The  Use  of  Progesterone  and/or 
Estrogen  in  Osteoporosis 

Vegetarians  especially  should  be  sure 
of  an  abundant  daily  intake  of  low- 
oxalate  dark  greens  for  needed  cal- 
cium and  other  minerals.  Oxalate  from 
certain  greens,  rhubarb,  and  peanuts; 
phosphate  from  soft  drinks;  and 
protein  residues,  make  up  the  major 
acid  radicals  so  harmful  to  bones. 

If  produce  is  grown  on  good  soil, 
vegetarian  diets  are  rich  in  magne- 
sium, a  mineral  shown  to  also  improve 
bone  density.  Non -vegetarian  diets  do 
not  provide  adequate  amounts  of  this 

mineral.  See  Kay  B.  Franz,  Ph.D.,  Abnormalities 
in  Parathyroid  Hormone  Secretion  ...  in  Women  with 


45 


EXERCISE 


Osteoporosis,  The  New  England  Journal  of  Medicine,       06/22/89,  1697. 

Plenty  of  exercise,  and  exposure  to  sunshine  for  vitamin  D,  are  very  beneficial 
factors  in  preventing  or  reversing  osteoporosis. 


Muscles 

There  are  two  kinds  of  muscles, 
voluntary  and  involuntary. 

Most  of  the  voluntary  muscles, 
which  are  used  in  voluntary 
motions,  are  located  on  the 
exterior  of  the  body,  giving 
roundness  and  symmetry  to  the 
form. 

Involuntary  muscles  are  mainly 
found  within  the  body,  such  as 
in  membranes,  in  walls  of 
cavities,  and  in  blood-vessels. 


Muscle  fibres  contract  in  response  to 
impulses  from  the  nerves.  As  each 
minute  muscle  fibre  or  cell  contracts 
by  thickening  and  shortening,  the 
whole  muscle  thickens  and  shortens. 
All  motion  is  accomplished  in  this 
simple  way. 

Muscles  of  motion  use  bones  as  levers 
in  executing  their  various  movements, 
such  as  the  muscles  and  bones  in  the 
feet,  legs,  hands  and  arms. 


Involuntary  muscles  control  the 
movement  of  food  after  it  is 
swallowed,  as  well  as  the  activities  of 
most  of  the  other  body  organs. 

Some  of  the  muscles  that  help  move 
the  head  perform  as  pulleys. 

The  lungs  are  composed  of  voluntary 
muscle  fibers,  being  under  the  control 
of  the  will;  but  so  controlled  by  the 
nervous  system  that  they  are  kept  in 
constant  motion.  This  is  a  wise 
arrangement,  since  there  are  times 
that  it  is  necessary  to  hold  the  breath, 
or  to  inhale  or  exhale  quickly. 

Another  advantage  of  having  the  lungs 
composed  of  voluntary  muscles  is  that 
it  gives  you  the  opportunity  to 
practice  deep  breathing.  The  muscles 
can  be  trained  to  do  this  as  auto- 
matically as  the  act  of  breathing  is 
performed. 

Muscle  cells  are  in  unceasing  activity, 
whether  we  are  awake  and  active  or 
asleep,  performing  their  part  in  the 
various  vital  processes. 


Nutrients  needed  by  muscle  tissue 

Although  muscle  tissue  is  largely  composed  of  protein,  as  stated  earlier  in  this 
lesson,  carbohydrates  are  the  most  efficient  fuel  source  for  both  energy  and 
heat. 

Minerals  are  needed  for  proper  functioning  of  the  muscles.  A  lack  of  calcium  is 
one  cause  of  muscle  cramps.    (See  discussion  on  mineral  sources  in  Lesson  6  ) 


46 


WATER 


WA  T  E  R.  .  . 

For  Thirst, —  and  More! 


W  •  t  t  Ik  w  *  r  4 

"Water  is  the  Best  Liquid" 

"Water  is  the  best  liquid  possible  to  cleanse  the  tissues.  .  .  Drink  some  little 
time  before  or  after  the  meal."  Ellen   G.  White,  Healthful 

Living,  226 


"Whether  a  person  is  sick  or  well,  respiration  is  more  free  and  easy  if 
bathing  is  practiced.    By  it 

the  muscles  become  more  flexible, 

the  body  and  mind  are  alike  invigorated, 

the  intellect  is  made  brighter,  and 

every  faculty  becomes  livelier. 

The  bath  is  a  soother  of  the  nerves.    It  promotes 
general  perspiration, 
quickens  the  circulation, 
overcomes  obstructions  in  the  system,  and 
acts  beneficially  on  the  kidneys  and  the  urinary  organs. 

Bathing  helps  the  bowels,  stomach,  and  liver,  giving  energy  and  new  life 
to  each.  It  also  promotes  digestion,  and  instead  of  the  system's  being 
weakened,  it  is  strengthened.  Instead  of  increasing  the  liability  to  cold, 
a  bath,  properly  taken,  fortifies  against  cold,  because  the  circulation  is 
improved,  and  the  uterine  organs,  which  are  more  or  less  congested,  are 
relieved,  for  the  blood  is  brought  to  the  surface,  and  a  more  easy  and 
regular  flow  of  the  blood  through  all  the  blood  vessels  is  obtained." 

Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful  Living, 

228 


47 


WATER 


But  whosoever  drinketh  of  the  water  that  I  shall  give  him  shall  never 
thirst;  but  the  water  that  I  shall  give  him  shall  be  in  him  a  well  of  water 
springing  up  into  everlasting  life.  John 

4:14 


Water,  the  beverage  that  has  been 
provided  to  satisfy  the  thirst  of  man 
and  animals,  is  one  of  heaven's 
choicest  blessings.  Its  free  use  helps 


supply  the  needs  of  the  system,  and 

aids  in  resisting  disease.    Pure,  soft, 

water  should  be  used  freely,  inside 
and  out. 


48 


WATER 


Water,     so  essential  to  life! 


Water,  composed  of  the  two  gases 
oxygen  and  hydrogen,  is  the  medium 
in  which  living  cells  live  and 
function.  Over  two  thirds  of  the 
human  body  is  composed  of  water  in 
some  form  or  other.  A  person 
weighing  150  pounds  has  more  than 
100  pounds  of  water  in  his  physical 
make-up ! 

Next  to  air,  water  is  the  most 
important  substance  needed  by  the 
body.  It  is  absolutely  essential  for 
the  various  organs,  and  cells,  to 
perform  their  various  tasks.  Water  is 
so  fluid  and  mobile  it  can  circulate 
through  the  tiniest  of  capillaries,  and 
by  the  process  of  osmosis  can  even 
slip  through  membrane. 


However,  to  be  a  blessing  to  the 
system,  water  must  be  pure,  and 
preferably  soft.  Hard  water  may  con- 
tain some  minerals  needed  by  the 
body,  but  usually  they  are  not  the 
right  ones,  and  being  inorganic  they 
are  not  the  best  for  the  system. 
Phosphate  of  lime  is  the  principal 
constituent  of  bone  tissue,  but  the 
main  ingredient  of  hard  water  is 
carbonate  of  lime.  Hard  water  is 
more  likely  to  contribute  to  liver 
problems,  and  gall  bladder  or  kidney 
stones.  Organic  minerals  as  provided 
by  plants  are  the  body's  preferred 
type  of  minerals. 


Water  is  the  body's  solvent, 
and  cleanser: 

The  free  use  of  water  internally  aids 
in  the  assimilation  of  nutrients,  in 
elimination  of  wastes  and  toxins,  and 
in  chemical  reactions  so  needful  for 
life.  Water  is  the  solvent  that  keeps 
various  chemicals  in  solution  that 
break  down  the  food  and  prepare  it 
for  absorption  and  use  by  the  cells, 
or  as  hormones  that  regulate 
chemical-responsive  activities  in  the 
body,  which  are  legion.  It  keeps 
nutrients,  chemicals,  and  waste 
matter  in  solution  and  floats  them  to 
their  destinations  within  the  body. 


diluent,     lubricant,  regulator, 

Blood  thickens  if  not  enough  water  is 
taken.  This  hinders  its  free  circu- 
lation, adding  an  extra  burden  on  the 
heart;  and  the  kidneys,  lungs,  and 
pores  of  the  skin  are  hindered  in 
their  work.  Thick  blood  cannot 
adequately  dissolve  and  remove  toxic 
wastes,  so  they  accumulate  in  the 
body  all  the  way  back  to  the  cells, 
and  the  inside  of  the  body  may 
become  like  a  stagnant  pool.  Water, 
the  chief  ingredient  of  body  fluids, 
maintains  them  at  the  proper  degree 
of  dilution,  when  taken  in  adequate 
amounts. 


49 


WATER 


It  is  the  lubricant  of  all  moving  parts. 

It  regulates  body  temperature.  All 
vital  activities  within  the  body 
produce  heat.  Heat  thus  generated 
could  destroy  the  vitality  of  some 
tissues  if  it  were  not  quickly 
dissipated.  The  evaporation  of  water 
from  the  surface  of  the  skin  cools  the 


body.  A  great  amount  of  heat  is 
absorbed  as  water  evaporates. 

Water  is  a  cleanser  to  keep  the  skin 
free  from  impurities  thrown  out 
through  the  pores  of  the  skin.  Also, 
as  noted  in  the  discussion  of  water  as 
a  solvent,  it  gives  the  body  an 
"internal  bath,"  purifying  the 
medium  in  which  the  cells  live  and 
work, —  quickening  their  work. 
Just  as  plants  shrivel  if  they  do  not 
have  sufficient  water,  so  body  cells 
shrivel,  and  cannot  function  properly, 
if  deprived  of  sufficient  water. 

Insufficient  water  intake,  resulting  in 
an  accumulation  of  toxins  in  the 
body,  can  cause  depression, 
hyponatremia,  anorexia,  and  mental 
confusion. 

See  Ronni  Chernoff,    Thirst  and  fluid 
requirements,   Nutrition  Review,   August,  1994, 

V52  b8,  p83(3) 

Some  other  common  ailments  and 
conditions  that  may  develop  when  a 
deficiency  in  water  intake  is 
continued  over  a  period  of  time  are: 

Lowered  blood  pressure 


Headache,  general  weakness 
and  discomfort 

Digestive  complaints,  including 
constipation 

An  extra  burden  may  be  placed 
on  the  heart 

Kidney  and/or  bladder  stones 


50 


WATER 


Severe  infections 
Muscle  cramps 

Chemical   reactions    within  the 
cell  may  be  impaired 

Body  temperature  increases  during 
vigorous  activity.  If  sufficient  water 
is  not  taken,  the  temperature  will 
increase  to  a  low  fever,  resulting  in 
fatigue.  Forcing  water  intake  above 
that  desired  by  thirst  will  keep  the 
temperature  within  a  comfortable 
range       for       continued  activity. 


Caution:  Do  not  overdo,  as  body 
fluids  can  be  diluted  too  much, 
resulting  in  severe  symptoms. 

Coffee,  tea,  soft  drinks,  and  similar 
beverages,  do  not  supply  the  place  of 
water.  They  only  increase  the  need 
for  water.  (See  Lesson  5  for 
additional  information  on  this  topic.) 

Note:  It  is  better  to  take  water 
in  small  amounts  frequently, 
than  to  take  large  amounts  a  t 
one  time. 


Thirst  is  not  a  guide: 
Establish  a  water  drinking  schedule, 
Take  extra  water  during  vigorous  activity, 
But  not  to  an  excess! 

Review  the  recommendations  for  daily  water  intake  given  in 
Lesson  1. 

Drink  enough  water  to  keep  the  elimination  of  urine  at  about  l/j 
to  1  gallon  per  24  hours. 


51 


WATER 


Simple,   but   effective,   water  remedies. 


Water  has  properties  that  make  it  an 
excellent  remedial  agent.  It  exists  as 
ice,  as  a  liquid,  and  as  vapor  or 
steam.  Pure  water  below  32°  F  forms 
ice,  it  is  liquid  between  32°  and  212° 
F,  and  at  212°  it  is  converted  into 
vapor.  Each  of  these  various  states  of 
water  can  be  used  in  simple,  but 
very  effective,  water  treatments. 

Water  absorbs  more  heat  when 
heated  than  any  other  substance.  For 
example,  it  takes  much  more  heat  to 
raise  a  pound  of  water  1°  in 
temperature  than  it  takes  to  raise 
one  pound  of  copper  1°  in 
temperature.     This    property  makes 

Water  may  be  used  to: 


water  an  excellent  agent  for 
modifying  the  local  or  general 
temperature  of  the  body. 

Although  water  is  not  the  best 
conductor  of  heat  or  cold,  it  does  so 
much  more  readily  than  air.  A  person 
does  not  experience  much  discomfort 
in  stepping  outdoors  when  the 
temperature  is  40°  above  zero; 
however,  to  dive  into  a  pool  of  40° 
water  would  be  a  shocking,  and 
uncomfortable,  experience.  Water 
may  be  used  in  various  applications 
as  ice,  cold  water,  hot  water,  and 
steam. 


Equalize  the  circulation  in  the  body 

Stimulate  activity  of  the  immune  system  and  internal  organs 
As  a  tonic,  or  sedative 
Alter  body  temperature 
And  many  other  effects 

By  the  application  of: 
Hot  foot  baths 

Fomentations  and  heating  compresses 

Steam  inhalations 

Wet  sheet  packs 

Contrast  Showers,  and  more. 


52 


WATER 


See  Recommended  Reading  in  the  Appendix  for  some  excellent  books  on  this 
topic.  They  are  well  illustrated,  and  provide  guidelines  for  the  use  and 
application  of  many  simple  water  treatments,  and  other  natural  remedies. 


53 


WATER 


PROTEIN...  is   it  No. 

i  ? 


"If  we  plan  wisely,  that  which  is  most  conducive  to  health  can  be 
secured  in  almost  every  land.  The  various  preparations  of  rice,  wheat, 
corn,  and  oats  are  sent  abroad  everywhere,  also  beans,  peas,  and 
lentils.  These,  with  native  or  imported  fruits,  and  the  variety 
of  vegetables  that  grow  in  each  locality,  give  an  opportunity 
to  select    a  dietary    that  is  complete    without    the  use   of  flesh 

meats.  "  Ellen  G.  White,  Ministry  of  Healing,  299 


"It  is  the  position  of  The  American  Dietetic  Association  that  vegetarian  diets 
are  healthful  and  nutritionally  adequate  when  appropriately  planned." 

Journal  of  The  American  Dietetic  Association,  November,    1993,  1317 


Bountiful  provisions! 

Our  Great  Designer  has  provided 
lavishly  for  our  needs.  He  could  have 
supplied  nutrients  wrapped  in  neat 
brown  packages,  every  portion  look- 
ing and  tasting  alike.  But  He  has 
bountifully  provided  an  array  of 
foods  attractively  "packaged"  in  a 
variety  of  colors,  each  with  its  own 
texture,  aroma,  and  flavor.  Foods  that 


may  be  eaten  freely  are  made 
appealing  by  their  colorful  wrappings 
and  flavorful  aromas;  whereas  the 
more  concen-trated  foods  come  in 
subdued  browns,  whites,  and 
yellows,  and  are  more  difficult  to 
access  and  prepare,  such  as  nuts, 
seeds,  legumes,  and  grains. 


Consider   protein,    an   essential  nutrient 


The  name  "protein"  comes  from  a 
Greek  word  that  means  "primary, 
holding  first  place."  It  may  be 
considered  primary  because  it  is  an 
important  nutrient  as  life  cannot 
exist  without  it,  but  not  important  in 
the  sense  of  quantity  needed. 


A  great  portion  of  our  body  weight, 
next  to  that  of  water,  is  made  up  of 
protein.  Proteins  are  complex  sub- 
stances used  in  building  and 
repairing  tissue  (together  with  fats), 
including  muscles,  tendons, 


54 


WATER 


ligaments,  organs,  hair,  and  nails;  the 
blood  contains  protein  in  solution; 
antibodies  that  ward  off  bacteria  and 
viruses  are  proteins;  and  proteins  are 
consti-tuents  of  hormones,  enzymes, 
and  most  body  fluids.  Cell  walls  are 
bilipid  membranes  with  some 
protein. 


Natural  proteins  in  their  varied 
forms  participate  in  vital  chemical 
processes  that  sustain  life. 

Many  wonder  if  a  vegetarian  diet 
will  supply  enough  protein,  and  if  all 
essential  amino  acids  will  be 
available  in  the  right  proportions. 
Are  both  quantity  and  quality 
adequate? 


How  much  protein  do  we  need? 


Many  nutritionists  are 

recommending  a  protein  intake 
of  only  8-10%  of  total  calories, — 
about  30  grams  per  day. 

"The  average  adult  needs  less  than 
30  grams  of  protein  per  day.  All 
unrefined  foods  contain  protein.  .  .  . 
On  a  natural  diet,  if  one  takes 
care  of  the  calories,  [generally] 
the  protein  will  take  care  o  f 
itself." 

Agatha  Moody  Thrash,  M.D.,  and    Calvin  L. 
Thrash,  Jr.,  M.D.,    Nutrition  for  Vegetarians,  55 

Note   the    percent    of  total 
these  foods. 


Dr.  Thrash  comments  on  the  econom- 
ical use  of  protein  in  the  body:  "There 
are  380-400  thousand  hemoglobin 
molecules  in  one  red  blood  cell.  Two 
million  red  blood  cells  are  being 
produced  in  the  body  every  minute. 
This  requires  an  enormous  turnover 
of  protein.  Fortunately  the  body  is 
very  efficient  in  conserving  its 
building  material,  and  much  of  the 
protein  is  reused  again  and  again." 
Ibid.  5  3 


calories    as  protein    calories  in 


Percent 

Protein 

Raspberries,  red 

7.1% 

Oranges 

7.0% 

Cucumbers 

14.7% 

Beans,  snap 

14.5% 

Carrots 

7.4% 

Potatoes 

7.6% 

Soybeans 

29.4% 

Wheat  (hard) 

13.3% 

Percent 

Protein 

Watermelon 

6.5% 

Casaba  melons 

14.0% 

Tomato 

12.3% 

Broccoli 

27.5% 

Squash  (winter) 

6.8% 

Kale 

26.8% 

Lima  beans 

20.5% 

Rice  (brown) 

7.1% 

55 


WATER 


On  the  low  side: 

Apples  1.2%  Plums  2.5% 

Grapefruit  4.1%  Sweet  Potatoes  4.1% 


Did  you  notice  that  the  percentages 
of  protein  in  broccoli  and  kale  exceed 
that  of  lima  beans?  Of  course, 
measure  for  measure,  fruits  and 
vegetables  do  not  yield  as  many  total 
calories  as  legumes  and  grains;  even 
so,  some  of  them  have  fair  amounts 
of  protein. 

A  3.5  oz  servings  of  lima  beans  has 
123  calories;  but  a  3.5  oz  servings  of 
kale  has  only  38,  of  casaba  melon,  27, 
and  of  raspberries,  58. 


Proteins  in  green  leafy  vegetables 
have  as  "high  a  biological  value  as 
muscle  protein."  (See  next  page.) 

With  such  a  wealth  of  protein  that 
our  Creator  has  placed  in  natural, 
whole  foods,  in  the  right  proportions, 
there  should  be  no  concern  about 
adequate  plant  sources  of  this 
essential  nutrient.  In  fact,  it  is  easy 
to  get  too  much  protein  even  on  a 
vegetarian  diet. 


The  quantity  of  protein  is  adequate  as  supplied  by  a  variety  of 
natural,    whole,    plant-product  foods. 


56 


WATER 


Do  plant  foods  supply  all  essential  amino 
acids? 


"Actually,  the  use  of  the  terms, 
complete  and  incomplete  proteins,  is 
misleading,  because  all  natural  foods 
contain  all  of  the  essential  amino 
acids,  and  no  food  protein  is  so 
perfect  as  to  be  the  total  answer  to 
all  our  protein  needs." 

Agatha  Moody  Thrash,  M.D.,  and  Calvin  L. 
Thrash,  Jr.,  M.D.,  Nutrition  for  Vegetarians,  5  4 
Referencing  Unusual  Facts  about  Plant  Protein, 
Sans  Scrips  6(6),  November-December,  1972 

Note  that  "a//  natural  foods  contain 
all  of  the  essential  amino  acids."  True, 
they  are  found  in  differing 
proportions.  This  is  why  a  variety  of 
foods  should  be  used  from  day  to 
day.  An  example  is  the  way  grains 
and  legumes  complement  each  other. 
Generally,  legumes  are  low  in 
methionine,  but  abundant  in  lysine; 
grains  are  low  in  lysine,  but 
abundant  in  methionine.  By 
combining  legumes  with  grains  the 
deficiency  of  the  one  is  compensated 
for  by  the  other. 

However,  it  is  not  necessary  to  try  to 
"balance"  amino  acid  combinations  at 
every  meal,  nor  each  day.  "There  is 
an  amino  acid  pool  from  which  amino 
acids  are  drawn  to  produce  proteins 
and  other  compounds."  It  is  good  to 
provide  a  variety  of  proteins  each 
day  for  the  needs  of  the  body. 

Agatha  Moody  Thrash,  M.D.,  and  Calvin  L. 
Thrash,  Jr.,  M.D.,  Nutrition  for  Vegetarians,   5  4 


Protein  is  absorbed  more  efficiently 
when  the  intake  is  normal  or  low, 
than  when  the  protein  intake  high. 

(See 

I  bid.  52] 

Studies  show  that  whole  soybean 
protein  would  be  adequate  as  the 
only  source  of  protein  in  the  diet. 
Soybean  protein  has  been  shown  to 
equal  milk  in  promoting  growth  in 
infants,  and  maintaining  proper 
nitrogen  balance  in  children;  and  has 
nutritional  values  equal  to  that  of  egg 
and  fish  protein. 

Vernon  R.  Young,  Journal  of  the  American 
Dietetic    Association,  July  1991  v91  n7  p828(8) 

Soybeans  might  be  adequate  as  the 
only  source  of  protein,  and  they  do 
have  anticarcenogenic  properties; 
however,  they  need  not  be  eaten 
every  day.  They  are  a  very  rich  food, 
high  in  fats  as  well  as  proteins,  so 
should  be  used,  but  not  too 
frequently.  Soy  protein  isolate  may 
be  injurious.  There  are  many  other 
good  plant  sources  of  protein. 
Variety,  variety,    is  the  rule. 

Even  green  leafy  vegetables  supply 
high  quality  proteins,  and  should  be 
used  more  freely.  They  are  excellent 
sources  of  minerals,  vitamins,  and 
enzymes,  too. 

"Schuphann  in  1948  stated  that  the 
protein  of  dark-green    leaves   has  as 


57 


LEAVES  FROM  THE  TREE     OF  LIFE 

Vegetarian,Whole  Foods,Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


high  a  biological  value  as  muscle 
protein, — rated  as  growth-promoting 
for  children." 

Edith  Young  Cottrell,  Oats,  Peas,  Beans  &  Barley 
Cookbook,  221;  quoting  from  Werner  Schuphann, 
Eiweii  B  Forschung,   1:32,  January,  1948,  p.  20 

"The  [leaf]  protein  is  better 
nutritionally  than  most  seed  proteins, 
as  good  as  many  animal  proteins,  and 
can   be   presented    at   the    table  in 

What  about  excess  pre 


palatable  forms."  ibid,  quoting 

from 

N.  W.  Pirie,   Science  152:1705. 

1966 


Do  not  neglect  the  greens!  They 
should  be  used  raw  as  much  as 
possible.  Use  radish  tops  fresh  from 
the  garden.  The  tender  leaves  may 
be  used  in  salads  (no,  they  don't 
prickle  the  tongue),  and  the  larger 
ones  as  greens  in  many  dishes. 

ein? 


Excess  protein  may  cause  many 
problems,  including  gastro-intestinal, 
liver,  kidney  and  heart  problems,  as 
well  as  osteoporosis. 

Protein  does  not  burn  "clean"  when 
used  as  fuel.  Amonia,  toxic  to  the 
system,  is  produced  as  a  by  product. 
Purines  from  excess  protein  form 
uric  acid  when  broken  down.  High 
levels  of  uric  acid  contribute  to 
kidney  stones,  gout,  and  related 
diseases. 

"It  must  be  remembered  that  protein 
consists  of  amino  acids.  When  you 
are  on  a  high  protein  diet,  you  are  on 
a  high  acid  [ash]  diet." 

Jay  M  Hoffman,  Ph.D.,  The  Missing  Link, 

148 

Calcium  and  other  minerals  are  used 
in  the  process  of  eliminating  sulfates, 
phosphates,    and    nitrogen    end  pro- 


ducts from  excess  proteins.  Calcium 
and  other  minerals  used  to  neutralize 
the  effects  of  excess  protein  are  lost 
in  the  urine.  If  there  is  not  an 
adequate  supply  of  minerals  in  the 
blood,  they  are  leached  from  the 
bones, —  which  contributes  to  osteo- 
porosis. Animal  proteins,  which  are 
high  in  sulfur-containing  amino  acids, 
seem  to  cause  a  greater  calcium  loss 
than  vegetable  proteins.  Tests  show 
that  on  a  high  protein  diet  the 
calcium  balance  remains  negative, 
even  when  high  levels  of  calcium  are 
ingested. 

See  Winston  J.  Craig,  Nutrition  for  the  Nineties, 
134 

A  high  protein  diet  encourages  rapid 
growth.  This  may  appear  desirable; 
however,  rapid  growth  is  associated 
with  a  short  life, —  early  maturity 
with  early  decline. 


58 


LEAVES  FROM  THE  TREE    OE  IEEE 

Vegetarian,Whole  Foods,Cooker^  and  Health  Seminar 

Processed,    modified,    plant-source  proteins 


As  with  carbohydrates,  when 
proteins  are  refined  most  of  the  fibre 
and  co-nutrients  may  be  left  behind. 
The  co-nutrients  (vitamins,  minerals, 
and  phytochemicals,  etc)  are  needed 
for  proper  metabolism  and  utilization 
in  body  cells.  In  addition,  the 
isolating  process(es)  may  modify 
protein  molecules,  impairing  their 
functions  in  the  body,  either  in  their 
ability  to  enter  into  needed  chemical 
reactions,  or  to  assist  in  forming 
structures. 

Dr.  Crane  comments.  "Soybean  meal 
residue  is  the  leading  source  of 
protein  for  meat  and  poultry  animals. 
From  this  soybean  meal,  soy  grits, 
soy  flour,  textured  flour,  soy  protein 
concentrate,  and  soy  protein  isolate 
are   made.    Soy  protein  concentrate 


and  soy  protein  isolate  are  of 
particular  interest  because  these  two 
have  gone  through  extraction  to 
remove  the  flatulence-causing 
sugars.  Unfortunately,  the  extraction 
process  also  removes  about  9  0 
percent  of  the  fiber  and  certain  other 
very  important  chemicals.  A  better 
word  might  be  subtraction  process.  It 
is  in  this  step  also  where  solvents 
and  heat  may  alter  not  only  the 
remaining  oils,  but  also  the  proteins. 
A  descriptive  word  for  this  step 
would  be  modification  process."  Dr. 
Crane  goes  on  to  say  that  modified 
proteins  appear  to  have  a 
detrimental  effect  in  the  body. 

Milton  G.  Crane,  M.D.,  What's  New  About  Soya?, 
Weimar  Institute  TIDINGS,  May/June  '94. 

(Italics  supplied) 


59 


WATER 


Points   to  remember 

Of  the  twenty-two  amino  acids  that 
have  been  discovered  making  up  the 
various  proteins,  eight  (nine  for 
children)  are  essential.  They  must  be 
obtained  in  the  food  we  eat. 

As  shown  in  some  of  the  foregoing 
references,  all  essential  amino  acids, 
in  varying  proportions,  are  found  in 
all  natural,  unrefined,  whole  foods.  A 
balance  of  these  nutrients  is 
available  when  a  variety  of  natural 
foods  are  included  in  the  diet.  Each 
meal  should  be  simple,  the  variety 
coming  from  meal  to  meal,  and  day 
to  day. 

A  low,  but  adequate,  protein  diet 
economizes  on  this  essential  nutrient, 
as  it  is  "absorbed  more  efficiently 
when  the  intake  is  normal  or  low". 
There  is  no  need  to  be  concerned 
about  "complete"  proteins.    The  ratio 


Food  for  thought 

Gazelles,  that  never  seem  to  tire  of 
running,  eat  grasses  and  other  herbs 
of  the  range.  But  the  flesh-eating  lion 
must   stalk  his  prey,   as  he  can  run 

Some  suggestions 


of  some  amino  acids  varies  between 
certain  types  of  foods,  but  a  variety 
of  foods  provide  a  balance 

The  body  maintains  a  protein  reserve 
from  which  it  can  draw  to  supply  the 
needs  of  the  moment.  So  it  is  not 
necessary  to  precisely  balance 
protein  nutrients  at  each  meal,  nor 
each  day. 

Green  leafy  vegetables  have  excellent 
proteins  of  high  biological  value. 

Concentrated  and/or  isolated 
proteins  are  not  good  foods  as  some 
of  the  proteins  may  have  been 
modified  in  the  process  so  that  they 
cannot  func-tion  properly  in  the 
body, —  but  may  do  harm.  (See  the 
definition  of  food). 


supply      quality  proteins. 

of  quality   natural    foods  should 


but  a  short  distance  before  tiring. 
Whole  foods  from  the  plant  kingdom 
provide  a  power  of  endurance  not 
available  from  animal-source  foods. 


Natural,     whole,     plant-source  foods 

Consuming  adequate  amounts  of  a  variety 
supply   adequate  protein. 


60 


LEAVES  FROM  THE  TREE    OF  LEFE 

Vegetarian,Whole  Foods,Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


The  recipes  with  this  lesson  include  cause    of    stomach     distress,  rather 

some      casseroles       for      satisfying  than   the  legumes.   Also,  try  smaller 

entrees.  servings,  if  legumes   do  not  seem  to 

agree       with       you.       They  are 

Simple,  but  nourishing     stove-top  concentrated  foods, 
main    dishes    may    be    prepared     b  y 

combining  a  grain  and  legume  in  For  variety  try  shredded  carrot  or 
desired  pro-portions.  Simmer  chopped  greens  to  replace  a  tomato- 
seasonings  just  long  enough  to  lightly  base  seasoning.  Well-cooked  wheat- 
cook  them.  Over-cooked  vegetables,  berries  may  be  added  to  seasoned 
especially    onions,   may    well   be   the  pinto  beans  for  a  good  "chili". 

Tips  on  the  use  of  nuts 


Nuts  and  seeds  are  mini  packets  of 
power  nutrition,  high  in  both  protein 
and  fatty  acids,  as  well  as  minerals, 
vitamins,  and  other  nutrients.  They 
should  be  used  sparingly  as  they  are 
concentrated  foods.  Some  people  may 
not  be  able  to  use  nuts,  while  others 
may  feel  the  need  of  fairly  rich 
preparations — at  least  as  "bridges" 
until  accustomed  to  a  less  rich  diet. 
Those  who  have  not  been  able  to  use 
nuts  might  find  that  they  can  use 
them  if  used  sparingly. 

The  recommended  ratio  is  one-tenth 
to  one-sixth  nuts/seeds  in  any  given 
recipe  including  them.  Some  recipes 
have  been  included  in  this  book  that 
have  a  higher  ratio  of  nuts  for  those 
who  feel  the  need  for  extra  richness. 

Almonds  and  sunflower  seeds  are 
excellent  foods.  Almonds  are  known 
as  the  king  of  the  nuts  The  legumes, 
peanuts,  are  rated  at  the  low  end  of 
the  nutritional  scale.  If  peanuts  are 
used,  they  should  be  used  in  limited 


quantities  only,  preferrably 

combined  with  grains. 

The  popular  peanut  is  not  the  best  of 
foods.  1)  Moldy  peanuts,  or  peanuts 
contaminated  with  mold,  are  very 
harmful,  as  aflatoxin  from  the  mold 
is  a  known  carcinogenic  substance. 
As  peanuts  are  grown  in  hot,  humid, 
climates  mold  is  a  real  problem.  2) 
Chemical  changes  take  place  in  fatty 
acids  when  nuts  and  seeds  are 
roasted,  similar  to  the  changes  made 
in  free  oils  in  the  refining 
process(es).  (see  Lesson  4).  Peanut 
butter  made  from  roasted  peanuts 
not  only  interferes  with  digestion, 
but  the  altered  fatty  acids  clog  the 
system.  3)  Peanut  oil  has  been  found 
to  cause  arteriosclerosis  more  readily 
than  any  other  oil.  (See  Dr.  R.  W. 
Wissler's  experiment  on  Rhesus 
monkeys,  described  in  Lesson  4,  page 
10.) 

Dr.  J.  H.  Kellogg  of  Battle  Creek 
Sanitarium  and  Hospital,  introduced 
peanut     butter     to    the  Sanitarium 


WATER 


guests,  and  before  he  found  out  how 
harmful  it  was  its  use  had  spread 
over  the  whole  country.  When  he 
realized  the  harmfulness  of  peanut 
butter,  he  discontinued  its  use,  and 
made  peanut  spreads  from  peanuts 
that  had  been  cooked  like  beans,  or 
steamed  peanuts,  grinding  them  after 
they  had  been  cooked.  These  spreads 
were  not  so  harmful  when  made  of 
choice  peanuts  and  processed  this 
way.  A  few  raw  peanuts  may  be 
added  to  a  recipe  such  as  the  Tasty 
Soy  Souffle,  blending  them  with  the 
other  ingredients  to  be  blended. 

Raw  peanuts  to  be  cooked  or 
used      in     recipes,      should      b  e 


carefully  sorted,  and  washed 
well. 

Note  that  roasting  alters  the  chemical 
structure  of  fatty  acids,  even  though 
they  are  still  within  the  plant  cell,  so 
this  problem  relates  to  all  roasted 
nuts  and  seeds.  It  is  best  not  to  use 
them.  Raw  nuts/seeds  should  be  used 
judiciously  in  cooking  and  baking,  or 
used  "as  is" — except,  of  course, 
peanuts  that  need  to  be  cooked.  Nuts 
and  seeds  included  in  baked  foods 
are  steamed  in  the  interior  of  loaves, 
casseroles,  and  other  baked  products, 

not   roasted.  See    Dr.  Jay   M.  Hoffman, 

Ph.D., 

The  Missing  Link,     238,  70 


62 


WATER 

THE  SKIN  AND  ITS  FUNCTIONS 


"That  which  darkens  the  skin  and  makes  it  dingy,  also  clouds  the 
spirits,  and  destroys  the  cheerfulness  and  peace  of  mind.  .  .  .  Every 
wrong  habit  which  injures  the  health  of  the  body  reacts  in  effect  upon 

the    mind."  Ellen  G.  White, 

Healthful  Living,  40 


The  skin,  our  marvelous  wrapping 

Forms  a  barrier  against  germs 

Prevents  the  deeper  tissues  from  drying  out 

Protects  the  body  from  harmful  effects  of  too  much  light 

Regulates  body  temperature 

Provides  the  sense  of  touch 

Produces  vitamin  D  when  exposed  to  sunlight. 


For  a  healthy  skin 

Pores  in  the  skin  are  constantly 
passing  impurities  from  the  body. 
The  skin  and  garments  must  be 
cleansed  frequently  so  that  these 
impurities  will  not  be  absorbed  back 
into  the  body.  It  is  most  important  to 
keep  both  the  skin  and  garments 
clean,  and  not  to  hinder  the  skin  in 
its  effort  to  free  the  system  of  waste 
matter. 


Frequent  bathing  and  a  brisk  rub 
help  to  tone  up  the  skin,  open  the 
pores,  and  keep  the  skin  in  a  healthy, 
active  condition. 

Some  cosmetics  contain  poisonous 
substances  that  can  be  absorbed  b  y 
the  pores  of  the  skin.  Care  must  be 
used  in  what  we  put  on  the  body,  as 
well  as  what  we  put  in  it. 


63 


The  health  of  the  entire  body  affects 
the  health  of  the  skin.  A  sluggish 
colon,  or  a  muddy  bloodstream  full  of 
toxic  wastes,  will  make  a  muddy 
complexion.  Also,  free  fats  used  in 
the  diet,  or  applied  to  the  skin,  may 
be  harmful  to  the  skin  when  it  is 
exposed      to     sunlight.      (There  is 

The  Skin,  which  is  one  of  the  largest 
organs  of  the  body,  is  composed  of 
two  layers;  the  outer  layer  is  the 
epidermis,  the  inner  layer  is  the  true 
skin,  or  dermis. 

The  outer  skin  has  several  layers. 
The  outermost  is  composed  of  dead 
cells  that  may  soon  drop  off  or  be 
washed    away.    Cells   in   the  deeper 


LEAWES  FROM  TME  TREE    OF  LIFE 

Vegetarian,Whole  Foods,Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 

additional  information  on  this  topic 
in  the  next  lesson.) 

Many  a  young  person  suffering  from 
acne  might  find  relief  by  practicing  a 
lifestyle  in  keeping  with  the  eight 
true  remedies. 


layers  are  alive.  It  is  here  that  new 
cells  are  constantly  being  formed. 
There  are  no  blood  vessels  in  the 
epidermis.  Its  cells  are  bathed  in 
tissue  fluid  that  comes  from  the 
dermis. 

The  dermis,  or  true  skin,  contains  the 
elements  and  organs  that  perform 
the  functions  of  the  skin. 


The    true  skin  is  a  dense  network  of  elastic  fibres,  interwoven  with 
Minute  blood  vessels, 
Nerve  endings,  and 
Tiny  lymphatic  channels. 

The  true  skin  also  contains: 

Hair  follicles  from  which  the  hair  grows, 
Sebaceous  glands  that  produce  a  fatty  matter, 
Sweat  glands,  and 
Minute  involuntary  muscles. 

The  minute  muscles  contract  when  chilled,  causing  a  dimpling  of  the  skin 
known  as  goose-flesh.  They  also  contract  when  a  person  is  frightened,  making 
the  hair  "stand  on  end." 

Perspiration  produced  by  the  sweat  glands  serves  a  dual  function.     It  helps: 
Remove  toxic  wastes. 

Regulate  body  temperature,  cooling  the  body  as  it  evaporates. 


64 


LEAWES  FROM  TME  TREE    OF  LIFE 

Vegetarian,Whole  Foods,Cooker^  and  Health  Seminar 


Nerve  endings  in  the  skin  provide  for 
the  senses  of  touch,  heat  and  cold, 
pain,  etc.  Numerous  nerve  endings 
are    placed    close    together     on  the 


fingertips,  providing  an  acute  sense 
of  touch.  Hands  are  designed  to 
accomplish  skilled  tasks. 


Care  for  your  skin,  and  it  will  care  for  you. 

S  U  N  LI  G  H  T  .  .  . 

A  Healing  Agent 

Sunlight, —  a  "Life-giving,  Health-dealing  Power." 

"This  is  one  of  nature's  most  healing  agents."  Ellen  G.  while,  Healthful  Living, 

229 


"The  feeble  one  should  press  out  into  the  sunshine  as  earnestly  and 
naturally  as  do  the  shaded  plants  and  vines.  The  pale  and  sickly  grain 
blade  that  has  struggled  up  out  of  the  cold  of  early  spring,  puts  out  the 
natural  and  healthy  deep  green  after  enjoying  for  a  few  days  the  health 
and  life  giving  rays  of  the  sun.  Go  out  into  the  light  and  warmth  of  the 
glorious  sun,  you  pale  and  sickly  ones,  and  share  with  vegetation  its 
life-giving,   health-dealing  power. " 
Ibid  230 


But  unto  you  that  fear  my  name  shall  the  Sun  of  righteousness  arise 
with  healing  in  his  wings;  and  ye  shall  go  forth,  and  grow  up  as  calves  of 


65 


LEAVES  FROM  THE  TREE    OF  LIFE 

Vegetarian,Whole  Foods,Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


Malachi 


the  stall. 

4:2 

Both  sunlight  and  fresh  air  should  be 
allowed  free  access  to  our  homes.  The 
sunlight  may  fade  carpets  and 
upholstery,  but  these  agencies  will 

Both   exercise   and  sunlight 
Increase 

Oxygen  in  the  tissues. 
Energy  and  endurance 
Muscular  strength 
Efficiency  of  the  heart 
Tolerance  of  stress 

4  1 


improve  the  mental  and  physical 
health  of  those  who  live  in  the  home. 
Sun  beams  are  healing,  and  have  a 
soothing,  cheering,  influence. 

Decrease 

Resting  heart  rate 
Respiratory  rate 

Lactic  acid  accumulation  in  blood 
Blood  pressure 
Blood  sugar 

From  Zane  R.  Kime,  M.D.,  M.S.,  Sunlight,  33- 


66 


LEAVES  EROMI  TME  TREE    OE  L1EE 

Vegetarian,Whole  Foods,Cooker^  and  Health  Seminar 

Some  of  the  benefits  to  be  derived  from 
sunlight 


"Exercise,  and  a  free  and  abundant  use  of  the  air  and  sunlight.  .  .  would 
give  life  and  strength  to  the  emaciated."  Ellen  g.  white,  Healthful  Living, 

230 


"In    my    experience,  sunlight 
treatments    in    conjunction  with 
an   unrefined   diet   and  exercise 
program   achieve   faster  and 
more   dramatic   results   than  diet 
and   exercise   alone."     Zane  r. 

Kime,   M.D.,    M.S.,   Sunlight,  57 

Dr.  Kime  further  comments: 
"And  a  study  of  the  results  of 
combined  sunlight  and  exercise, 
showed  that  a  group  that  was  getting 
the  sunlight  treatments  with 
exercise,  had  improved  almost  twice 
as  much  as  shown  by  their 
electrocardiograms,  as  had  those  who 
only  exercised,  even  though  both 
groups  were  on  a  general  health 
resort  treatment  program." 

ibid. 

43 

"There  seems  to  be  conclusive 
evidence  that  sunlight  produces  a 
metabolic  effect  in  the  body  that  is 
very  similar  to  physical  training. 
Tuberculosis  patients  being  treated 
by  sunbathing  have  been  observed  to 
have  well-developed  muscles  with 
very  little  fat,  even  though  they  have 


not  exercised  for  months."  ibid. 
33 

"The  sun  aids  by  increasing  the 
resistance  of  the  individual.  Sunlight 
increases  the  production  and 
stimulates  the  activity  of  the 
lymphocytes,  neutrophils,  and  other 
cells  of  the  immune  system.  ...  A 
strong  immune  system  not  only  will 
help  to  protect  one  against  the 
common  cold,  flu,  and  other 
infectious  diseases,  but  can  also 
inhibit  cancer  formation  and 
progression."  ibid  188, 

189 

"In  the  deep  valleys  among  the  Alps 
in  Switzerland  the  sun  shines  only  a 
few  hours  each  day;  consequently  the 
inhabitants   suffer  terribly  from 
scrofula  and  other  diseases  indicative 
of  poor  nutrition  and  lack  of  sunlight. 
Higher  up  on  the  sides  of  the 
mountain  the  inhabitants  are 
remarkably  hardy  and  well- 
developed  physically  and  mentally. 
The  only  difference  in  the  modes  of 
life  is  the  great  amount  of  sunshine 
higher  up  the  mountainside.  When 


the  poor  unfortunates  below  are 
carried  up  the  mountain,  they 
rapidly  improve." 

Jay  M.  Hoffman,  Ph.D.,  Missing  Link, 

318 


LEAWES  FROM  TME  TREE    OF  LIFE 

Vegetarian,Whole  Foods^Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 

Dr.  J.  H.    Kellogg  noted  that  hospital 
patients  in  rooms  exposed  to  sunlight 
had  a  much  better  recovery  rate  than 
those  in  rooms  without  sunlight. 


"Sunlight  effectively  kills  germs  in  the  air,  purifies  water,  and  destroys 
bacteria 

on  exposed  surfaces,  including  the  skin,  and  produces  antibacterial 

agents  on  the  skin  from  the  oils  present  there."  Zane  r.  Kime,  m.d., 

M.S.,  Sunlight,  188 

Some    sunbathing  guidelines 


Avoid  sunbathing  during  the  heat  of 
the  day  in  summer  as  the  sun's  rays 
are  more  direct;    however,  to  receive 
benefit  from  the  winter  sun  it  may 
be  necessary  to  sunbathe  during  the 
middle  of  the  day  in  northern  and 
southern  latitudes.  The  elevation 
should  also  be  considered  since  sun- 
burning  can  take  place  more  quickly 
at  higher  elevations. 

Wash  the  skin  in  clear  water  before 
sunbathing  to  remove  soap  residue 
and  lotions.  Sunscreening  lotions 
should  not  be  used,  as  the  fats  they 
contain  may  stimulate  formation  of 
cancer  cells.  Also,  many  of  the 
therapeutic  and  healing  effects  of 
sunlight  are  blocked  out  by 
sunscreening  agents. 

Start  with  short  exposures  to  the 
sun's  rays,  gradually  increasing  the 
exposure  time — avoiding  sunburn. 


Set  an  alarm  clock  to  awaken 
yourself  should  you  fall  asleep,  or 
have  someone  with  you  who  will 

awaken  you.    See  Zane  R.  Kime,  M.D.,  M.S., 
Sunlight  237-243 

The  use  of  natural,  whole  foods 
builds  healthy  cells  and  an  active 
immune  system,  and  provides  the 
right  kind  of  fatty  acids  in  the  skin  to 
react  properly  to  sunlight.  Sunlight  is 
beneficial  when  these  conditions 
exist.  On  the  other  hand,  if  there  are 
free  radicals  and  the  wrong  kind  of 
cholesterol  in  the  skin  from  con- 
suming processed  foods,  and  the 
immune  system  is  depressed, 
exposure  to  sunlight  is  damaging,  and 
may  cause  skin  cancer.        ibid.  100- 

114 


LEAVES  FROM  THE  TREE    OE  IEEE 

Vegetarian,Whole  Foods,Cooker^  and  Health  Seminar 

Caution:    We  should  guard  against        protective  ozone  layer  surrounding 
an  overdose  of  ultraviolet  rays  the  earth, 

because  of  the  progressive  loss  of  the 


Do  I  need  to  use  a  sunlamp  in  the  wintertime? 


"Sunlamps  are  only  for  those  who 
cannot  get  the  natural  sunlight — those 
who  live  close  to  the  north  or  south 
poles,  or  in  inclement  weather  areas, 
or  in  the  glass  jungle  of  the  big  city. 
The  artificial  sun  rays  may  be  better 
than  nothing,  but  they  do  not 
approach  the  value  of  the  actual 
sunlight.  Make  every  effort  to  obtain 
as  much  of  the  real  thing  as  possible." 

Benefits  from  sunlight  are  not  limited 
to  cloudless  days,  "since  overcast 
skies  filter  out  only  about  20%  of  the 
ultraviolet  light." 

If  you  decide  to  use  a  sunlamp,  be 
sure  it  has  frequencies  above  290 
nm. 


"Start  with  one  or  two  minutes  on 
each  side  and  then  gradually  increase 
the  time.  If  you  become  slightly  pink 
following  the  light  bath,  hold  the 
time  and  don't  increase  it  until  your 
skin  has  adjusted." 

"Do  not  mount  a  sunlamp  above  your 
bed  unless  it  has  a  timer  that  will 
shut  off  automatically  when  the  light 
bath  time  is  over,  in  case  you  should 
go  to  sleep.  Burning  is  dangerous,  so 
don't  take  any  chances.'"  References 

are  from 

Zane  R.  Kime,  M.D.,  M.S.,  Sunlight,    248,  249 


FATS  AND  OILS. . . 

Which,  and  how  much,  should  we 


use? 


"When  properly  prepared,  olives,  like  nuts,  supply  the  place  of  butter 
and  flesh  meats.    The  oil,  as  eaten  in  the  olive,  is  far  preferable  to 
animal  oil  or  fat.  It  serves  as  a  laxative.    Its  use  will  be  found  beneficial 
to  consumptives,  and  it  is  a  blessing  to  an  inflamed,  irritated  stomach." 
"Olives  may  be  so  prepared  as  to  be  eaten  with  good  results  at  every 
meal.    The  advantages  sought  by  the  use  of  butter  may  be  obtained  by 
the  eating  of  properly  prepared  olives." 


4  69 


"The  oil  in  olives  is  a  remedy  for  constipation  and  kidney  diseases." 

Ellen  G.  White,  Counsels  on  Diet  and  Foods,   359,  360 


Fatty  acids  are  used  as  building 
blocks,  and  for  many  other  functions 
in  the  body.  Every  cell  wall  consists 
of  a  double  (bilipid)  layer  of  fatty 
acids,  with  some  protein.  The  several 
workshops  (organelles)  within  this 
double  lining  also  have  double  linings 
of  fatty  acids,  including  the  mito- 
chondrias, —  the  mighty  little  power- 
houses.    Vital  organs  are  cushioned 
by  fatty  tissues,  and  the  immune 
system  and  many  other  functions  in 
the  body  need  the  right  kind  of  fatty 
acids 

Nerve  fibers  are  insulated  with 
cholesterol;  brain  tissue  contains  high 
levels  of  it.  It  is  a  basic  ingredient  of 
some  hormones,  and  in  the  skin  it 
produces  vitamin  D  when  exposed  to 
sunlight.  Most  of  it  is  used  in  the 
digestion  and  assimilation  of  fats. 

Cholesterol  is  not  found  in  foods  from 
plants,  but  it  is  in  all  animal-source 
foods.  The  liver  manufactures  large 
quantities  of  it,  and  nearly  every  cell 
in  the  body  can  make  it.  If  the  right 
kind  of  building  blocks  are  furnished, 
the  cholesterol  synthesized  by  the 
body  will  perform  its  functions  well. 


Plant-source  foods  supply  the  kinds 
of  fatty  acids  needed  by  the  body. 
As  they  are  essential  nutrients,  fatty 
acids  need  to  be  included  in  the  diet. 
However,  some  concerns  need  to  be 
considered  so  that  right  choices  can 
be  made,  such  as: 

The  quantity  of  fatty  acids  used. 
Free  fats  (fats  removed  from  source) 
are  highly  concentrated,  empty 
calories. 

The  quality  of  the  fatty  acids  used  in 
the  diet.  Some  of  the  concerns  about 
the  quality  include  (1)  altering  of 
fatty  acid  molecular  structure,  (2) 
fatty  acids  as  processed  (preformed) 
by  animals,  fish,  and  fowl,  and  (3) 
oxidized,  or  rancid,  fatty  acids. 

Fats  as  found  in  plant  produce  are 
designed  for  the  needs  of  body  cells. 
However,  when  these  are  removed 
from  plant  cells,  and  processed 
(which  may  even  include  changes 
made  in  roasted  nuts)  the  structures 
and/or  locations  of  the  fatty  acid 
chemical  bonds  are  changed  or 
altered  so  that  they  damage  cell 
structures,  and  inhibit  cell  activities. 


70 


SUNLIGHT 


QUANTITY:   How  much  fat  should  be  included  in  the  diet? 


Some  nutritionists  are  recommending 
a  fat  intake  of  about  10%  of  total 
calories  consumed,  others  increase 
the  recommended  amount  to  15  to 
20%  of  total  calories.  This  last  amount 
can  be  easily  reached,  even  exceeded, 
without  using  any  free  fats.  It  is  easy 
to  exceed  the  limit  if  free  fats  are 
used. 


Free  fats  are  highly  concentrated  and 
refined.  It  takes  12  to  14  ears  of  corn 
to  make  1  tablespoon  of  corn  oil! 

Gram  for  gram,  fats  yield  about  twice 
as  many  calories  as  do  carbohydrates 
and  proteins,  yielding  about  9 
calories  per  gram;  carbohydrates  and 
proteins  yield  about  4  calories  per 
gram. 


QUALITY:  Some  concerns  about  the  quality  of  fatty  acids 
in  the  diet. 


(1)     Free  fats  are  not  only  highly 
concentrated;  but,  like  white  sugar, 
the  refining  process  removes 
essential  nutrients  needed  to 
properly  metabolize  the  fatty  acids. 
Also,  the  structure  of  some  fatty  acid 
mole-cules  is  altered  during 
processing. 

Fatty  acids  in  natural  foods  are 
shaped  like  a  horseshoe.  They  have 
many  functions  in  the  body, 
including  forming  cell  walls 
(membranes). 

Some  of  the  fatty  acids  are  changed 
from  their  natural  horseshoe  shape 
(called  the  cis  form)  to  a  straight 
chain-like  structure  (called  the  trans 
form)  during  the  processing  of  free 
fats.  Apparently  a  minor  variation, 
but  it  makes  a  big  difference  in  how 
the  fatty  acids  perform  in  the  body. 


Many  changes  and  problems  result 
when  trans  fats  are  used  as  building 
blocks.  The  flow  of  nutrients  and 
other  substances  cannot  be  con- 
trolled,   such  as  the  use  of  insulin 
and  glucose;     mitochondria  are 
inhibited  in  their  use  of  oxygen  and 
cannot  burn  foodstuffs  completely  to 
carbon  dioxide  and  water, —  a  basic 
cancer-producing  process.  The 
immune  system  needs  the  right  kind 
of  fatty  acids  to  maintain  the  right 
shape  and  function  of  some  of  its 
cells.  The  more  trans  fats  eaten,  the 
greater  effect  they  will  have  in 
altering  the  normal  enzyme  activity 
in  the  tissues. 

See  Zane  R.  Kime,  M.D.,  M.S.,  Sunlight, 
98  -  100, 

(2)     Dr.  Crane  speaks  to  the  need  for 
using  fatty  acids  as  found  in  plant 
foods.  The  essential  fatty  acids, 


41  71 


SUNLIGHT 


omegas  3  and  6,  from  non-plant 
sources  have  been  transformed  by 
the  animal,  fowl,  or  fish  to  meet  the 
needs  of  their  systems;  and  when  the 
human  body  tries  to  use  these 
partially  processed  fatty  acids,  the 
resultant  chemical  reactions  may  not 
be  appropriate.     The  blood  pressure, 
clotting  time,  and  immune  system 
are  affected.  These  problems  can  be 
avoided  by  depending  on  plant 
produce  for  sources  of  fatty  acids, 
which  are  designed  for  our  needs. 

Dr.  Crane  advises,  "I  would  direct  the 
reader  to  the  use  of  plant  produce  as 
grown  and  away  from  the  use  of 
refined  free  fats,  or  animal  fats,  or 

fish  fatS."  Milton  G. 

Crane,  M.D., 

Addendum  to  The  Role  of  Cholesterol  and 
Excess  Fat  in  Disease,  12 

(Information  on  omega  fatty  acids  gleaned  from 
the  above  referenced  paper,  and  from  Vitamins, 
Minerals,  and  Essential  Oils,  also  by  Dr.  Crane.) 

(3)     Foods  included  in  the  diet 
should  be  in  prime  condition.  Free 
radicals  that  are  very  harmful  to  the 
system  are  formed  as  fats  oxidize,  or 
become  rancid.  Antioxidant  pro- 
perties in  whole  seeds  and  unshelled 
nuts  may  preserve  fatty  acids  for 
many  years,  but  when  the  seed  or 
grain  is  crushed,  or  the  oil  is 
removed  from  the  plant  cell,  it  may 
oxidize  within  a  very  short  time. 
"Corn  can  be  stored  for  up  to  a 
thousand  years  before  it  becomes  so 
decomposed  by  oxidation  that  it  will 
not  grow.  Yet,  ground  whole  corn 
becomes  too  rancid,  too  full  of 
oxidized  lipids  and  hydrolyzed  short- 


chain  fats,  to  serve  as  food  with-in  a 
couple  of  months  at  room 
temperature." 

Milton  G.  Crane,  M.D.,  "Free  Radicals"  and  "Anti- 
oxidants, "  Why  are  they  important?  The  Journal 
of  Health  &  Healing,  Vol.  16,  No.  3,  p.  18 

"We  need  energy,"  comments  Dr. 
Crane,  "but  in  a  controlled  sequence 
and  in  a  specific  setting  within  the 
cell  chemistry.  Foodstuff  is  the  source 
of  calories  to  run  the  engine  of  every 
cell,  and  it  must  be  supplied  in  an 
unoxidized  form,  ready  for  the  body 
cells  to  use.  If  it  arrives  at  the  cell 
already  oxidized,  it  may  get  in  the 
way,  and/or  it  may  interfere  with 
the  cell's  job  of  creating  energy  from 
the  food  supplied  to  it."  "The  Creator 
has  supplied  in  the  natural  state, 
caloric  sources  within  plant  cell 
structures  in  a  form  and  with 
protective  mem-branes   that  resist 
oxidation.  .  .  .  We  can  help  ourselves 
to  avoid  many  of  the  degenerative 
diseases  by  selecting  good  fruit, 
vegetables,  nuts  and  grains,  by 
preparing  them  simply,  and  with-out 
the  use  of  spices  and  grease  of  all 
kinds."  ibid,  n, 

19 

Along  the  walls  of  mitochondria,  the 
minute  but  mighty  powerhouses 
within  cells,  nutrients  are  burned  in 
the  presence  of  oxygen  to  produce 
heat  and  energy.  These  walls  are 
very  susceptible  to  damage  by  the 
action  of  free  radicals.  Damaged  walls 
cannot  use  oxygen  properly  to  burn 
nutrients  all  the  way  to  carbon 
dioxide  and  water,  but  stop  with 


SUNLIGHT 


lactic  acid,  a  reaction  that  does  not 
require  oxygen. 


It  is  a  cancer  initiating  process. 

See  Zane  R.  Kime,  M.D.,  M.S.,  Sunlight,  91 


Recommendations 


Over  100  years  ago  Dr.  John  Harvey        recommend  the  use  of  any  free  fat." 
Kellogg,  M.  D.,  of  Battle  Creek,  taught      J.  a  Kellogg,  m.d. 

that,  "The  objection  is  not  against  fat,  Health  Ref°rmer-  May<  1887 

per  se,  but  against  taking  it  in  a  free 
state.  When  taken  in  the  form  in 
which  nature  presents  them, 
enclosed  in  cells  in  such  vegetable 
foods  as  maize,  oatmeal,  nuts,  and 
some  fruits,  fats  are  wholesome  and 
nutritious  elements  of  food.    It  is 
only  when  separated  from  the  other 
elements  and  taken  in  a  free  state 
that  they  become  unwholesome.  .  .  . 
It  makes  little  or  no  difference,  so  far 
as  the  interference  with  digestion  is 
concerned,  whether  the  fat  is  animal 
or  vegetable.  .  .  we  do  not 

What   about   cold-pressed  oils? 

All  oils,  including  cold-pressed  oils,  process  changes  some  of  the  cis  fats 
are  heated  during  processing  or  they  to  trans  fats;  also,  rancidity  worsens 
would  turn  rancid  very  quickly.  This       during  processing  and  storage. 


Again  Dr.  Crane  comments:  "In  view 
of  the  fact  that  free  fats  are  empty 
calories,  may  be  modified  during 
refining,  delay  stomach  emptying, 
interfere  with  protein  digestion  in 
the  stomach,  and  may  become  toxic 
radicals  through  oxidation,  we 
conclude  that  free  fats  are  an  inferior 

food."  Milton  G.  Crane,  M. 

D.,  Another  look  at  Fat  in  the 

Diet,  5 


Sound  advice: 


"Grease  cooked  in  the  food  renders  it  difficult  of  digestion." 

Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful  Living,  95 

According  to  Webster  grease    is:      "Fatty  or  oily  matter  in  general;  lubricant." 


"Meat  is  served  reeking  with  fat,  because  it  suits  the  perverted  taste. 
Both  the  blood  and  the  fat  of  animals  is  consumed  as  a  luxury.  But  the 
Lord  has  given  special  directions  that  these  should  not  be  eaten. 


4  73 


SUNLIGHT 


Why? — Because  their  use  would  make  a  diseased  current  of  blood  in  the 
human  system.  Disregard  of  the  Lord's  special  directions  has  brought 
many  diseases  upon  human  beings." 

Ibid.  94 


What  are  the  Lord's  "special  directions"?     Here  is  one  reference: 

It  shall  be  a  perpetual  statute  for  your  generations  throughout  all  your 
dwellings,  that  ye  eat  neither  fat  nor  blood.  Leviticus 

3:17 


Some  data 

In  the  typical  American  diet  about 
37%  of  the  calories  come  from  fats 
(about  one  third  of  these  are  from 
saturated  fats).  This  is  nearly  twice 
the  recommended  amount!  The 
major  sources  of  fat  in  the  diet  are: 
fats  and  oils,  meat,  poultry,  fish,  and 
dairy  products. 


Note  the  average  per  capita 
consump-tion  of  free  fats,  and  dairy 
products,  which  are  high  in  fats.  The 
total  average  consumption  of  fats 
would  be  increased  considerably  by 
adding  to  these  figures  the  fat 
content  of  the  average  amount  of 
flesh  foods  consumed. 


In    1990   the   average   American  consumed: 

63  pounds  of  free  fats  and  oils  (including  4.4  pounds  of  butter) 
570   pounds  of  all  dairy  products  (excluding  butter,  but  including 
50  pounds  of  cheese,  cream,  and  ice  cream) 


SUNLIGHT 


Are  there  sufficient  fats  in  natural  whole  foods  to  meet  our 
needs,  without  using  some  free  fats? 


Some  fruits  and  vegetables  have  low 
percentages  of  calories  as  fat. 
Bananas  and  peaches  have  about  2%, 
and  potatoes  only  about  1%. 
However,  many  foods  have  a  fat 
content  close  to  the  10%  minimum. 
By  using  a  few  high-fat  foods  the 
intake  may  easily  meet  the 
recommended  15  to  20%  of  total 


calories  without  the  use  of  free  fats. 
Again,  our  Creator  has  generously 
provided  for  our  needs  in  natural 
whole  foods. 

If  you  feel  a  need  for  some  free  fats, 
use  just  a  few  drops  of  extra-virgin 
olive  oil  at  the  table  (not  in  cooking). 


Note  the  percent  of  total  calories  as  fat  calories  in  these  foods: 


Fruits: 

Apples  5.5% 

Avocados  82.2% 

Grapes,  American  12.1% 

Lemons  9.5% 

Strawberries  11.4% 


Olives 


93  -  98.0% 


Legumes: 

Chickpeas  11.2% 

Soybeans,   dried  36.8% 

Nuts: 

Almonds  75.9% 

Walnuts  79.1% 


Grains: 

Cornmeal 
Millet 
Rolled  oats 


9.2% 
7.9% 
15.9% 


Vegetables 
Broccoli 
Kale 
Parsley 


7.0VO 
17.6% 
11.4% 


Obesity:  Considered  one  of  the  major  health  problems 

in  America. 

"Overweight  individuals  are  at  an  increased  risk  of 
Diabetes, 

High  blood  pressure  and  stroke, 
Elevated  blood  lipids  and  heart  disease, 
Cancer  (especially  breast  and  uterine  cancer), 

And  gallbladder  disease."  Winston  J.  Craig,    Ph.D.,  R.D.,  Nutrition  for  the 

Nineties,  13 


SUNLIGHT 


There  is  hope  for  the  obese! 
Practicing  the  eight   true  remedies 
will  not  only  make  a  person  feel 
better,  but  also  look  better  as  the 
pounds  drop  off.  Usually  there  is  no 


need  to  count  calories,  since  a  well 
balanced  diet  of  whole,  natural  foods 
is  satisfying.  This  satisfaction 
removes  the  constant  craving  for 
something  to  eat! 


Obesity  is  not  the  only  health  problem  that  may  result  from  the 
use  of  free  fats,  and/or  too  many  fats,  in  the  diet.  Read  on. 

Cells  may  be  deprived  of  oxygen  because  of  shallow  breathing,  lack  of 
exercise,  and  many  other  reasons.  Note  the  effect  of  polyunsaturated  fats  on 
the  oxygen  supply  to  body  cells  as  described  in  this  experiment! 


Some  effects  of  fats  in  the  diet  were 
shown  in  experiments  with  hamsters. 
Their  cheek  pouches  have  such  thin 
walls  that  red  blood  cells  can  be  seen, 
with  the  aid  of  a  microscope,  going 
through  the  capillaries.  When  the 
hamsters  were  fed  a  high  fat  diet  the 
red  blood  cells  would  get  sticky  and 
clump  together,  and  could  not  get 
through  the  capillaries.  It  was  found 
that  the  hamsters  were  getting  not 
even  half  of  the  normal  oxygen 
supply  to  body  cells,  including  the 
brain.  The  red  blood  cells  were 


hampered  in  their  work  both  because 
clumping  reduced  the  surface  area 
available  for  carrying  oxygen,  and 
because  they  could  not  move  freely 
through  the  capillaries  to  deliver 
what  little  oxygen  they  were 
carrying!  This  shortage  of  oxygen  can 
affect  every  part  of  the  body, 
including  brain  function. 

See  Jay  M.  Hoffman,    Ph.D.  The  Missing  Link,  63; 
from  R.  L.  Swank,  Proceedings  of  the  Society  of 
Experimental  and  Biological  Medicine,  82:381, 
1953; 


Cells  deprived  of  oxygen,  or  hindered  in  the  use  of  oxygen  (such  as  damage  to 
mitochondrias  by  free  radicals),  cannot  completely  metabolize  fuel.  Note  the 
loss  of  energy  production  in  the  cycle  ending  with  lactic  acid. 


Metabolism   of  normal  cell 

cell 

Sugar    or  glucose 

Oxygen  required 
Complex  reaction 

reactions 


Metabolism    of  cancer 

Sugar    or  glucose 

Oxygen   not  required 
Relatively  simple 


SUNLIGHT 


produced 


requiring   over   30  steps 

38  units  of  energy  produced 

Byproducts 

Carbon  dioxide  and  water 


2  units  of  energy 

Byproduct 

Lactic  acid 

See   Zane   R.   Kime,  M.D.,  M.S., 


Sunlight  96 


"Normal  cells  have  been  removed 
from  experimental  animals  and 
placed  in  a  culture  where  they  will 
grow  and  divide.  If  the  oxygen  that  is 
available  to  these  cells  is  reduced, 


the  normal  cells  will  become 
malignant.  If  these  cells  are  again 
placed  in  the  animal's  body,  they  will 
develop  and  destroy  the  animal  with 


cancer. 


Ibid  96 


Free  fats  cause  red  blood  cells  to  clump,   reducing  oxygen  carrying 
ability. 

This,  and  the  action  of  free  radicals,  hinders  efficient  cell 
metabolism. 

Normal  cells  become  malignant  when  deprived  of  sufficient  oxygen 
and  energy. 

Don't  polyunsaturated  fats  lower  cholesterol  levels  in  the 
blood? 

Dr.  R.  W.  Wissler  performed  an  inter-     Results:    A  few  months  later  it  was 
esting  experiment  using  Rhesus  found  that  the  monkeys  on  butter  fat 

monkeys.    All  of  them  were  fed  the        had  the  highest  cholesterol  in  the 
same  diet,  except  for  the  fat  content.      bloodstream,  and  the  monkeys  on 
The  food  included  either  butter  fat,         peanut  oil  the  least,  as  might  be 
corn  oil,  or  peanut  oil.  expected. 

However,  a  few  months  later  autopsies  showed: 

Percent  of  arteries  damaged  by  Type  of  oil 

cholesterol  plaques;  hardening  of  arteries.  in  the  diet 

62%  Corn  oil 


LEAWEB  FROM  TEIE  TREE    OF  LIFE 

Vegetarian,Whole  Foods^Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


82%  Butter  fat 

93%  Peanut  oil 


R.  W.  Wissler,  M.D.,  Federation  Proceedings,   26:371,  Abs.  #650,  1967; 

Referenced  by  Jay  M.  Hoffman,  Ph.D.,  The  Missing  Link,  62 

Polyunsaturated   fats   may   lower   serum   cholesterol,   but   harden  the 
arteries   and/or   may   be   deposited   in   other  tissues. 


Dr.  Crane  speaks  to  damage  that  may 
be  done  by  excess  low  density  lipo- 
proteins (LDL):  "In  some  manner,  not 
yet  completely  understood,  when 
oxygen  attacks  natural  LDL,  some  of 
its  protein  gets  changed,  and  the 
complex  becomes  'modified  LDL.'" 
Body  cells  do  not  recognize,  nor  can 
they  use,  modified  LDL.  "Yet  the 
immune  defense  macrophages  (big- 
eaters)  identify  it  as  a  foreign 
chemical  and  begin  to  gobble  it  up. 
They  ingest  more  and  more  until 
they  simply  plug  up  the  arteries. 

"To  complicate  the  picture  further, 
another  ball  of  fat  similar  to  LDL, 
called  lipoprotein(a)  [LP(a)],  can  build 
up  in  the  body.  ...  It  too  must  be 
disposed  of  by  the  same  monocyte- 
macrophage  system.  It  may  result 
from  an  excess  of  fat,  ingested 


oxidized  fat,  and/or  the  presence  of 
modified  protein  in  the  diet. 

"Two  main  factors,  then,  work 
together  to  plug  up  the  arteries,  (a)  A 
diet  which  has  just  too  much  fat  that 
is  already  oxidized  [rancid]  to  a 
greater  or  lesser  degree,  (b)  A  high 
fat  diet  that  has  so  much  good 
unoxidized  fat  that  the  body  sends 
too  much  LDL  to  the  cells  via  the 
arteries  for  them  to  utilize.  While 
these  excess  LDL  particles  are 
waiting  around  in  the  tissue  juice  of 
the  artery  wall,  the  oxygen  which  is 
right  there  on  its  way  to  the  cells  can 
attack  the  LDL  and  modify  its  protein 
component.  Once  this  happens,  the 
cells  cannot  safely  use  it,  and  the 
monocyte  macrophage  'big  eaters,' 
gobble  it  up." 

Milton  G.  Crane,  M.D.,  Good  Cell  Food    Keeps  the 
Arteries  Open,  2-5     (with  many  references) 


Free  fats  and  rich  foods  do  not  meet  the  definition  of  food  (see 
Lesson   1)  as  they  cause  injury  to  the  system. 

Is  there  a  remedy  if  harm  has  been  done? 


Plant  fibers,  such  as  in  oat  bran,  are 
useful  in  lowering  serum  cholesterol 
in  the  blood.  Pectin,  also  a  plant  fibre 
which  is  found  in  fruits  and  some 


vegetables  (as  squash  and  carrots), 
together  with  gums  and  mucilages 
which  occur  in  legumes,  are  also 
effective  in  reducing  serum  choles- 


terol  levels.        (See  Winston  J.    Craig,  Ph.D., 
R.D., 

Nutrition  for  the  Nineties,   3  7 

Dr.  Crane  gives  encouragement: 

"The  secret  of  success  is  to  avoid 
eating  foods  that  contain  added  fat. 
We  should  eat  fresh  foods  as  grown 
and  avoid  spoiled,  rancid  foods.  Even 
the  naturally  high  fat  foods  such  as 
the  nuts,  olives,  high  fat  seeds,  and 
avocados  should  be  used  in  modera- 
tion. Also,  they  should  be  stored 
properly  and  eaten  as  fresh  as 
possible  to  avoid  damage  to  them 
from  oxygenation.  Freshly  shelled 
nuts  like  filberts,  pecans,  and 
walnuts  are  much  better  than  those 
which  come  already  shelled.  But  we 
have  become  a  nation  in  search  of 
fast  foods  and  con-venience.  The  nuts 
like  the  walnut  have  such  good  oils  in 
high  concentra-tions,  that  they 
become  'stale'  more  readily  than 
other  nuts.  Staleness  is  the  same  as 
oxidation.  Perhaps  you  begin  to  see 
what  we  are  up  against." 

Milton  G.  Crane,  M.D., 
Good  Cell  Food  Keeps  the  Arteries  Open,  5 

Dr.  Crane  explains  how  cholesterol 
deposits  that  have  gradually 
accumulated  over  the  years  can  be 
removed:  "The  good  news  is  that  this 
extra  cholesterol  can  be  removed.  .  .  . 


LEAVES  FROM  '['HI',  TREE    OF  LIFE 

Vegetarian,Whole  Foods,Cooker^  and  Health  Seminar 

".  .  .  Our  goal  is  to  reverse  that 
process.  We  advocate  (1)  a  low  fat 
diet  so  that  the  person  will  make 
only  minimal  amounts  of  cholesterol 
in  the  liver  and  intestines,  (2) 
avoidance  of  the  foods  that  contain 
cholesterol  from  the  diet,  and  (3)  use 
a  high  fiber  diet  so  that  there  will  be 
a  high  elimination  of  cholesterol  from 
the  body,  and  (4)  exercise  to  raise 
the  level  of  the  good  HDL." 

Milton  G.  Crane,  M.D.,    The  Role  of 

Cholesterol  and  Excess  Fat  in  Disease,  3, 

4 

The  oxygen  carrying  capacity  of  the 
blood  improves  within  a  short  time 
after  discontinuing  the  use  of 
isolated,  processed  fats/oils,  animal 
fats,  or  other  processed  "foods"  that 
cause  blood  platelets  to  clump 
together. 

Exercise  improves  muscle  utilization 
of  oxygen,  and  the  demand  on  the 
muscles  encourages  the  body  to 
make  collateral  blood  vessels  to  an 
area  that  may  have  suffered 
blockage, —  the  body's  own  bypass 
system  (for  non-emergency 
situations).  Consult  your  physician 
for  an  exercise  program  to  meet  your 
needs. 


The  use  of  refined  foods  lacking  essential  nutrients, and/or 

Processed  foods  with  transformed/modified  molecules,   and/or  additives, 

And/or,  an  imbalance  or  excess  of  nutrients,  even  from  natural,  whole,  foods, 

Results  in  faulty  membrane  and  tissue  structures,  and/or, 

Slowed,  blocked,  or  altered  biochemical  reactions, —  Disease. 


4  79 


SUNLIGHT 


Practicing  the  eight  true  remedies, 

Including  adequate  but  temperate  use  of  natural,  whole  foods,  results  in 
Good  membrane  and  tissue  structures,  normal  biochemical  reactions, —  Health 


SUNLIGHT 


THE  HEART  AND  BLOOD 


"Perfect  health   depends   upon   perfect  circulation." 

Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful  Living,  178 


"The  more  active  the  circulation  the  more  free  from 
obstructions  and  impurities  will  be  the  blood.   The  blood 
nourishes  the  body.  The  health  of  the  body  depends  upon  the 
healthful  circulation  of  the  blood."  ibid.  1 7  8 


"The  heart,  a  most  efficient  hollow  muscular  pump,  is  really  a  double  organ — it 
may  be  considered  as  two  hearts  joined  together: 

The  left  heart  supplies  freshly  oxygenated  blood  to  the  body. 

The  right  heart  sends  the  blood  loaded  with  carbon-dioxide  to  the  lungs 
for  a  fresh  supply  of  oxygen. 

Maintenance  of  the  proper  volume  and  pressure  depends  on  many  factors, 
including: 

The  condition  of  the  heart  valves, 

The  effect  of  the  nervous  system  in  controlling  size  of  the  vessels,  and 
The  amount  of  fluid  in  the  blood  stream." 

Clifford  R.  Anderson,  M.D.,  Modern  Ways  to 

Health,  450 


"It  is  almost  impossible  to  strain  the 
healthy  human  heart  by  overwork.  .  . 
.  The  heart  is  far  more  likely  to  be 
damaged  by  disease  and  by  poor 
habits  of  living  than  by  any  physical 
activity.  But  once  the  heart  has  been 


damaged  by  disease,  it  may  be 
necessary  to  avoid  too  much  activity. 
A  heart  that  has  been  damaged  can 
be  strained  beyond  its  limits." 

Ibid.  450,  451 


4 


SUNLIGHT 


"The  chief  if  not  the  only  reason  why  many  become  invalids  is  that  the 
blood  does  not  circulate  freely,  and  the  changes  in  the  vital  fluid  which 
are  necessary  to  life  and  health  do  not  take  place.  They  have  not  given 
their  bodies  exercise  nor  their  lungs  food,  which  is  pure,  fresh  air; 
therefore  it  is  impossible  for  the  blood  to  be  vitalized,  and  it  pursues  its 

COUrse    Sluggishly    through    the    System."  Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful  Living, 

180 


SUNLIGHT 


There  are  three  classes  of  blood  vessels 


Arteries,  which  have  elastic 
muscular  walls,  carry  the  blood  away 
from  the  heart.  The  propulsive 
impulse  given  the  blood  by  the 
contraction  of  the  heart,  is  followed 
by  the  contraction  of  the  arteries. 
The  smaller  arteries,  or  arterioles, 
regulate  the  pressure  into  the 
capillaries. 

Capillaries,  smallest  of  the  blood 
vessels,  form  an  intricate  meshwork 
through  all  the  soft  tissues  of  the 
body.  They  are  so  small  that  the  tiny 
red  blood  cells  have  to  squeeze 
through,  single  file,  bulging  out  the 
capillary  walls  as  they  go. 


Veins  begin  with  the  capillaries, 
increasing  in  size  as  they  approach 
the  heart.  They  have  little  or  no 
muscular  fibre  in  their  walls,  but  in 
some  parts  of  the  body  they  have 
valves  which  allow  passage  of  blood 
in  only  one  direction — toward  the 
heart. 

Veins  are  so  placed  among  the 
muscles  that  when  the  muscles  are 
contracted  the  blood  is  displaced.  As 
it  can  flow  in  only  one  direction,  it  is 
"milked"  back  to  the  heart  by  the  aid 
of  muscle  action.  Thus,  exercise  is  a 
valuable  aid  to  the  heart. 


Blood  cells  and  their  tasks 


White   blood   cells    are  able  to 
move  from  point  to  point  rapidly  and 
with  ease.  They  are  voracious 
eaters, —  of  germs  and  debris.  Their 
principal  functions  are  to: 

Destroy  germs 

Aid  in  repairing  injuries 

The  chief  business  of  the  red  blood 
cells  is  to  carry  oxygen  from  the 


lungs  to  the  tissues,  and  carbon 
dioxide  and  other  gaseous  wastes 
from  the  tissues  to  the  lungs.  Blood 
that  is  not  vitalized  with  pure,  fresh 
air  pursues  its  course  sluggishly 
through  the  system,  but    it  circulates 
healthfully  when  it  carries  an 
abundance  of  oxygen. 

See  Ellen  G  White,  Healthful  Living, 

186 


The   lymph  system 

The  principal  function  of  the  lymph 
system  is  absorption.  Its  one  set  of 
vessels  originate  in  connective  tissue 


spaces  in  all  parts  of  the  body, 
connect  with  lymph  glands  in  certain 
locations,  and  eventually  empty  the 


4  83 


lymph  fluid  into  the  subclavian 
veins.  White  blood  cells,  which  have 
escaped  through  artery  and  capillary 
walls  to  do  their  work,  find  their  way 
back  to  the  blood  vessels  through 
this  system. 

The  lymph  system  absorbs: 


SUNLIGHT 

Nutrients  through  villi  in  the 
intestines,  and  water  and  other 
substances  through  the  skin. 

Wastes  and  worn  particles 
throughout  the  body. 

Lymph  fluid  is  similar  to  blood 
serum,  except  that  it  contains  more 
of  the  waste  elements  than  does 
blood. 


SUNLIGHT 


Helps   and  hindrances   to  good  circulation 


"For  an  average- size  adult,  the  heart 
must  move  about  five  quarts  of  blood 
every  minute,  a  total  of  7,200  quarts 
in  24  hours. 

"It  must  push  this  load  through  a 
network  of  blood  vessels  some 
100,000  miles  long." 

Fortunately,  the  heart  is  aided  in  this 
staggering  task.  "The  muscles  in  the 
feet,  calves,  thighs,  buttocks, 
abdomen,  and  diaphragm  all  work 
together  in  harmony  when  one 
walks.  Their  rhythmic  contraction 
and  relaxation  massages  the  veins, 
pushing  the  blood  upward  against 
gravity.  As  one  walks,  the  muscles 
literally  milk  the  blood  back  to  the 

heart."  Jabbour  Semaan,  Walk  for  Your 

Health,  Review, 
07/20/78,   p.  6 


Scientists  have  pondered  how  red 
blood  cells  could  carry  such  large 
loads.  They  have  recently  found  that 
water  increases  the  ability  of 
hemoglobin  (the  protein  pigment  in 
these  cells)  to  carry  oxygen.  Water 
molecules  attach  themselves  to  the 
hemoglobin,  which  makes  it  easier 
for  oxygen  molecules  to  attach  them- 
selves. They  studied  this  behavior  of 
hemoglobin  in  plain  water  as  com- 
pared with  various  concentrations  of 
sugar  and  polymer  solutions,  and 
found  that  the  more  concentrated  the 
solution  (either  sugar  or  polymer), 
the  harder  it  was  for  hemoglobin  to 
take  on  water  molecules — and  the  less 
inclined  to  take  on  oxygen!  (From 

Elizabeth  Penniel,  Water  Boosts  Hemoglobin's 
Lust  for  Oxygen,  Science  News,  March  30,  1991, 
vl39,  nl3,  p!98(l)) 


Hygiene   of  the  circulation 

Exercise  is  very  important.    Review  Lesson  2  on  exercise. 

Adequate  clothing  is  essential  to  healthy  circulation.    The  prime  object  of 
clothing  is  for  modesty,  yet  it  should  be  adapted  to  the  climate  and  season  to 
maintain  the  natural  tem-perature  of  the  extremities  as  well  as  the  body. 
Blood  cannot  circulate  freely  when  the  limbs  are  cold.    Cold  has  a  paralyzing 
or  depressing  influence  on  the  heart.  Excessive  Heat  may  result  in  heat  or 
sun-stroke. 

Rich  or  spicy  foods  make  poor  blood  by  filling  it  with  useless,  or  a  super 
abundance,  of  material.  This  causes  the  liver  to  become  sluggish,  and  wastes 
accumulate  in  the  blood.  Con-diments,  narcotics,  and  stimulants   also  are 
harmful.    (See  Lesson  5) 


4 


LEAVES  V 'IRQ  M     TIME     THEE          <BW  MWE 

Vegetarian, Whole     Foods, Cookery     and     Health  Seminar 


The  circulation  and  function  of  the  internal    organs  should  not  be 
impaired  by  tight  belts  or  elastic  bands,  nor  heavy  garments  suspended 
from  the  waist. 

The  blood  must  be  kept  pure.    Only  the  very  best  material  should  be  taken 
into  the  stomach,  as  the  blood  is  made  of  what  we  eat.  Poor  food  will  make 
poor  blood,  which  will  in  turn  make  body  tissues  of  poor  quality. 

For  cells  to  be  healthy,  they  must  have  the  right  nutrients  delivered  to  them 
through  the  blood  stream,  and  wastes  removed  by  the  blood  and  lymph  and 
carried  to  the  eliminating  organs.  This  helps  us  to     understand  the  statement 
at  the  beginning  of  this  section,  "Perfect  health  depends  upon  perfect 
circulation." 

TEMPERANCE,  .  . 

The  Only  Safe Course 

W  a  1  <s  Ha  w  ©  if  (fl 

"Touch  Not,  Taste  Not,  Handle  Not" 


"The  only  safe  course  is  to  touch  not,  taste  not,  handle  not,  tea,  coffee, 

wines,  tobaCCO,  Opium,  and  alcoholic  drinks."  Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful  Living, 
112 


Temperance  is  abstinence  from  all  things/practices  that  are 
harmful,  and  judicious  use  of  that  which  is  good. 


This  topic  covers  much  more  than 
abstinence  from  alcoholic  beverages, 
tea,  coffee,  tobacco  and  other 
narcotics.  Many  commonly  used 
items  are  harmful  to  the  body,  yet 
many  people  are  unaware  of  the 
damage  done  by  them.  Throughout 
this  lesson  keep  in  mind  the 
definition  of  food  as  given  in  Lesson 


1.  Food  nourishes,  without  doing 
harm ! 

And  what  about  the  judicious  use  of 
that  which  is  good?  Not  just  the 
quality  of  foods  or  activities  needs  to 
be  considered,  but  also  the  quantity. 
Exercise  is  good,  but  when  engaged  in 
too  strenuously,  or  for  too  long,  the 


86 


TEMPERANCE 


effects  are  harmful.  The  best  quality 
foods  should  be  used,  but  when 
taken  in  excess  even  good  food  will 
be  harmful  to  the  system.  The  same 
is  true  of  all  the  activities  of  life. 
All  intemperance  weakens  brain- 
nerve  powers.  Good  physical  habits 
help  to  strengthen  the  mental  and 
moral  powers,  as  there  are  strong 
ties  between  physical  and  moral 
health.    Moderation  in  all  things  is 
the  key. 

Keep  in  mind  those  important  little 
cells  as  you  study  this  lesson.  They 


depend  on  you  to  help  keep  them 
functioning  efficiently.  Things  taken 
into  the  system  that  impair  their 
efficiency  will  keep  you  from 
attaining  the  maximum  health 
possible  for  you. 

Choose    something    better.  Our 

Creator  has  supplied  us  with  an 
abundance  of  good  things  that  bring 
true  enjoy-ment.  Once  the  choice  is 
made,  claim  the  promises  of 
abundant  grace  avail-able  to  give 
strength  to  the  decision. 


He  sent  His  word,  and  healed  them,  and  delivered  them  from  their 

destructions.  Psalms 
107:20 

I  can  do  all  things  through  Christ  which  strengtheneth  me.  Philippians  4:13 

"All  our  enjoyment  or  suffering  may  be  traced  to  obedience  or 
transgression  of  natural  law." 

Ibid.  22 


87 


LEAWEB  FROM  TELE  TREE    OF  LIFE 

Vegetarian,Whole  Foods^Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 

Spicy  problems 


"In  this  fast  age,  the  less  exciting  the  food,  the  better.    Condiments  are 
injurious  in  their  nature.  Mustard,  pepper,  spices,  pickles  and  other 
things  of  like  character,  irritate  the  stomach  and  make  the  blood 
feverish  and  impure.  The  inflamed  condition  of  the  drunkard's  stomach 
is  often  pictured  as  illustrating  the  effects  of  alcoholic  liquors.  A  similar 
condition  is  produced  by  the  use  of  irritating  condiments.  Soon  ordinary 
food  does  not  satisfy  the  appetite.  The  system  feels  a  want,  a  craving  for 
something  more  stimulating."  Ellen  G.  white, 

Ministry  of  Healing  325 


Webster  defines  spice  as  "A  pungent  or  aromatic  vegetable  substance  as 
pepper  or  cinnamon  used  to  season  food." 


Generally,  the  "pungent  or  aromatic 
vegetable  substances"  that  are  hot  to 
the  taste  when  cold  are  harmful. 

Spices  not  only  irritate  the  tender 
coating  of  the  stomach,  but  also  cause 
the  blood  to  become  fevered,  excite 
the  nerves,  and  weaken  the  moral 
and  intellectual  powers.  Foods 
prepared  with  these  irritating 
substances  encourage  the  appetite 
for  liquor. 


Condiments  and  spices  have  a 
stimulating  effect  similar  to  tea, 
coffee,  and  liquor.  Those  who  use 
them  drop  as  far  below  par  as  they 
were  elevated  above  par  by  these 
stimulating  substances. 

Foods  should  be  wholesome  and 
tasty,  but  free  from  every  irritating 
substance  that  would  harm  the 
delicate  machinery  of  living  cells. 


"Professor  Boix  of  Paris  showed  by  experiments  on  animals  that 

pepper    Causes    'gin    liver.'"  Jay  M.  Hoffman,  Ph.D.,  The  Missing  Link,  87; 

quoting  from 

John  H.  Kellogg,  M.D.,  FACS,    How  to  Have  Good  Health  Through  Biological  Living,  459-461 

What  is  "Gin  Liver"?     Another  term  for  cirrhosis  of  the  liver. 

Capsaicin,  a  substance  found  in  hot       affect  small  nerve  cells  (type  B)  that 
peppers,  has  long  been  known  to  transmit  a  variety  of  sensations  to 


88 


TEMPERANCE 

the  brain,  including  pain.  There  is  no 
protective  myelin  sheath  on  the 
fibers  through  which  these  cells 
communi-cate.  Capsaicin  can  destroy 
type  B  nerve  cells  in  infants;  in 
adults  the  first  strong  dose  causes 
intense  pain,  but  continued  use 
desensitizes  the  neurons.  Thus  pain  is 
actually  killed.    Reporting  pain  is  not 
the  only  responsibility  of  Type  B 


neurons;  they  also  help  regulate  body 
temperature   and   monitor  important 
functions  in  the  heart  and  lungs. 
Therefore,  capsaicin  could  be  very 
dangerous  if  it  should  get  into  the 
blood  stream.    This  can  happen  even 
when  applied  locally.  Hot 

Pepper  Pain  Clue, 

Science  Digest,  September  1983, 

8  1 


89 


TEMPERANCE 

Must  my  food  be  bland  and  tasteless? 

No!      Spices  tend  to  dull  the  sensitive  taste  buds.  Leave  the  spices  out,  and 
soon  the  natural  food  flavors  will  be  perceived  and  enjoyed.  Also  many  herb 
seasonings  may  be  used  to  enhance  the  natural  flavors  of  foods;  herbs  that 
are  not  only  harmless,  but  may  also  add  trace  elements  not  other-wise  found 
in  the  diet. 


With 

Asparagus 

Beets 

Cabbage 

Carrots 

Corn 

Cucumber  salads 

Eggplant 

Green  beans 

Green  salads 

Lentils 

Peas 

Potatoes 

Squash 

Tomatoes 

Good    with  most 

Fruits 

Apples 

Fruit  compotes 
Fruit  salads 
Pears 


vegetables: 


Try  a  touch  of: 

Chervil,  tarragon 

Anise,     dill,  summer  savory,  tarragon,  thyme 
Dill,      basil,   summer/winter   savory,  tarragon 
Anise,   marjoram,   oregano,   sage,  thyme 
Marjoram,   oregano,   sweet  basil 
Anise,  dill 

Basil,   chervil,   marjoram,  sage 
Dill,    sweet  basil 

Sweet  basil,     chervil,   chives,  marjoram 
Fennel,   rosemary,   sage   and  thyme 
Dill,   marjoram,   oregano,   rosemary,  sage 
Chives,   dill,   oregano,   rosemary,  thyme 
Fennel,  rosemary, 

Sweet  basil,  bay  leaf,  oregano,  sage,  thyme 
Caraway,  chives,  parsley 


Dill 

Anise,  sweet  basil, 
Mint,  rosemary 
Dill,   summer  savory 


90 


TEMPERANCE 


Spices  do  not  qualify  as  food  as  they  cause  injury,  and  impair 
functional   activity.   Review   the   definition   of  food  given  in  Lesson  1. 


TEMPERANCE 


Vinegar  too? 


"The  salads  are  prepared  with  oil  and  vinegar,  fermentation  takes  place 
in  the  stomach,  and  the  food  does  not  digest,  but  decays  or  putrefies;  as 
a  consequence,  the  blood  is  not  nourished,  but  becomes  filled  with 
impurities,  and  liver  and  kidney  difficulties  appear." 

Ellen  G.  White,  Counsels  on  Diet  and  Foods,  345 


Vinegar  contains  acetic  acid.  The 
same  fermentation  process  by  which 
alcohol  is  produced  results  in  acetic 
acid  when  the  process  is  carried  a 
little  farther.  Vinegar  is  much  more 
irritating  to  the  digestive  organs  than 


an  alcoholic  liquor  of  the  same 
strength.  Even  in  a  small  quantity  it 
completely  prevents  the  action  of 

Saliva  On  Starch.  (From   J.  H.  Kellogg, 

M.D., 

The  Home  Book  of  Modern  Medicine,  289) 


Vinegar  also  lowers  the  alkaline  reserve  of  the  blood,  is  said  to  aid  in 
destroying  red  blood  cells,  hinders  the  digestion  of  protein,  and  is  an  active 
agent  in  liver  damage  (cirrhosis).  Julius  Gilbert  white, 

Abundant  Health  ,    131;  referencing 

Health,,  October  1935,  page  29  ;    and  J.  H.  Kellogg,  M.D.,  Question  Box,  312 


Vinegar  is  an  ingredient  in  many 
prepared  foods,  from  salad  dressings 
and  baked  beans  to  pickles,  green 
stuffed  olives,  and  even  some  com- 
mercial breads.  Meals  are  more 
satisfying  and  enjoyable  when  they 
include  a  variety  of  flavors,  including 
tart  flavors,  but  these  should  come 
from  natural,  wholesome,  tart  foods 
such  as  lemons  and  limes.  Though 
acid  to  the  taste,  they  metabolize  to 
an  alkaline  ash,  so  increase  the 
alkaline  reserve  of  the  blood,  rather 
than  reducing  it  as  vinegar  does. 


Lemon  and/or  lime  juice  make 
excellent  salad  dressings, —  much 
better  than  vinegar.  Orange 
segments  or  juice  may  be  added  for 
the  sweet/sour  effect,  and  a  little  of 
the  grated  rind  (zest)  may  be  added 
for  extra  flavor  and  nutrients.  Citrus 
fruits  blend  well  with  either  a  fruit 
or  vegetable  meal.  Lemon  and/or 
lime  juice  may  also  be  used  in  the 
preparation  of  most  other  foods,  such 
as  baked  beans,  where  vinegar  may 
have  been  used  in  the  past. 


92 


LEAWES  FROM  TEE  TREE    OF  LIFE 

Vegetarian,Whole  Foods,Cooker^  and  Health  Seminar 

Baking  powder  and  soda 


The  chemicals  in  baking  powders  do 
not  qualify  as  foods  under  the 
definition  of  foods  in  Lesson  1.  They 
leave  various  harmful  residues  in 


baked  products.  Many  baking 
powders  contain  aluminum  salts. 
Soda  is  harmful,  and  should  never  be 
taken  into  the  system. 


TEMPERANCE 

Stimulants 


"Tea  and  coffee  do  not  nourish  the  system.  The  relief  obtained  from 
them  is  sudden,  before  the  stomach  has  had  time  to  digest  them.  This 
shows  that  what  the  users  of  these  stimulants  call  strength  is  only 
received  by 

exciting  the  nerves  of  the  stomach, 

which  convey  the  irritation  to  the  brain,  and 

this  in  turn  is  aroused  to  impart  increased  action  to  the  heart, 

and  short-lived  energy  to  the  entire  system. 

All  this  is  false  strength,  that  we  are  the  worse  for  having.  They  do  not 

give   a  particle   Of  natural   Strength."  Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful  Living, 

108 


"Tea  has  an  influence  to  excite  the  nerves,  and  coffee  benumbs  the 
brain;   both   are  highly  injurious." 

Ibid.  107 


A  person  who  is  enjoying  good  health 
does  not  need  stimulants  to  start  the 
day,  nor  later  during  the  day,  in 
order  to  function.  A  well-nourished 
cell  will  have  an  ample  supply  of 
glucose,  and  if  the  cells  have  been 
furnished  with  the  right  kind  of 
building  blocks  and  plenty  of  oxygen, 
they  will  be  able  to  burn  the  fuel 
efficiently  to  provide  needed  energy. 


Stimulants  do  not  furnish  the  body 
with  needed  resources,  but  cause 
cells  to  burn  reserve  fuel.  Because 
the  stimulant  gives  an  agreeable 
sensa-  tion,  people  think  they  need 
to  use  them.  But  the  short-lived 
increase  in  energy  is  followed  by 
depression,  which  calls  for  more 
stimulation.  Continued  use  weakens 
the  nervous  system. 


94 


TEMPERANCE 


Those  who  use  tea,  coffee,  and 
similar  products  show  the  results  on 
their  countenances.  Their  skin 
becomes  sallow  and  appears 
lifeless, —  the  glow  of  health  is  gone 

They  also  place  an  extra  workload  on 
the  kidneys.     Kidneys  were  designed 
to  remove  uric  acid  and  other  water 
soluble  wastes  from  the  body.  These 
waste  materials  result  from 

The  case  against  purine 

The  dictionary  defines  Purine  as  "a 
white,  crystalline  compound,  C5H4N4, 
from  which  is  derived  a  group  of 
compounds,  including  uric  acid, 
xanthine,  and  caffeine." 

Caffeine  is  found  in  coffee,  tea,  mate, 
and  chocolate,  together  with  other 
harmful  substances. 

Caffeine  is  also  normally  found  in 
soft  drinks  that  use  the  name  cola  or 
pepper.    A  12-oz  can  may  contain 
30-55  mg.  of  caffeine. 

"Stay-awake"  tablets  contain  100  to 
200  mg.  of  caffeine  each. 

Non-prescription  medicines  used  for 
headache  or  allergy  relief,  as  well  as 
cold  tablets,  may  contain  15  to  65 
mg.  of  caffeine  per  tablet. 

Winston  J.  Craig,  Ph.D.,  R.D., 

Nutrition  for  the  Nineties,  2  8  1 

"The  chemical  purine,  which  is  found 
in  all  dead  flesh,  is  almost  identical  to 
that  of  the  purine  which  is  found  in 


metabolism  of  healthy  cells,  but  as 
waste  materials  they  must  be 
removed  to  keep  the  cells  healthy. 
An  additional  burden  is  placed  on  the 
kidneys  when  they  must  also 
attempt  to  remove  purines  and 
related  compounds  taken  into  the 
system  from  flesh  foods,  tea,  coffee, 
chocolate  and  cocoa,  and  other 
products  containing  these 
compounds. 

and  its  relatives 

coffee,  tea,  chocolate  and  cocoa.  Here 
is  a  chart  to  show  how  much  purine 
there  is  in  the  items  listed  below. 

PURINE  BODIES  IN  BEVERAGES 

Tea          1.2  grains  per  pint 

Coffee  1.7  grains  per  pint 

Chocolate0.7  grains  per  pint 

Cocoa  1.0  grains  per  pint 

"All  dead  flesh  contains  uric  acid  and 
purine  bodies.  Now  let  us  notice  how 
closely  related  this  is  to  caffeine  and 
theobromine.  Uric  acid  (C3H4N4O3)  and 
the  purine  bodies  as  xanthine  and 
hypoxanthine  etc.,  are  very  closely 
related  both  chemically  and 
physiolo-gically  to  each  other  and  to 
the  caffeine  (C8H10N4O2)  of  tea  and 
coffee  and  the  theobromine 
(C7H8N402)  of  cocoa.  Anyone  wishing 
to  eliminate  purine  bodies  from  his 
diet  should  eliminate  all  meats,  tea, 
coffee,  cocoa,  chocolate,  colas  and  any 
soft  drinks  containing  caffeine." 

Jay  M.  Hoffman,  Ph.D.,  The  Missing  Link,44 


95 


The  chemical  formulas  for  caffeine  and  theobromine  are  so  similar 
that  they  are  called  "relatives  or  twin  sisters." 

Ibid.  39 


"Decaffeinated  coffee  is  just  as  bad  as 
regular  coffee.    The  solvent 
commonly  used  to  extract  caffeine 
from  the  coffee  beans  is  methylene 
chloride,  a  chemical  suspected  of 
causing  cancer.  Despite  its  name, 
decaffeinated  coffee  does  contain 
caffeine,  between  2  and  15 
milligrams  or  more  per  cup, 
depending  on  how  it  is  brewed.  In 


the  extracting  process  of  removing 
caffeine  from  coffee,  the  caffeol  is 
made  more  concentrated.  Caffeol  is 
the  oil  which  gives  the  aroma  and 
flavor  to  coffee.  As  stated  before, 
caffeol  irritates  the  mucous 
membranes  of  the  stomach;  it 
irritates  the  liver,  the  kidneys,  the 
bladder;  and  in  some  cases,  causes 
cancer  of  the  bladder."     ibid.  4  2 


affects 


Caffeine  adversely 

Digestive  system,  body  chemistry, 
brain  and  nervous  system, 
heart  and  circulation,  in  addition  to 
an  increased  kidney  workload. 

It  has  a  diuretic  action,  produces 
breast  lumps  [fibrocystic  breast 
disease],  and  may  cause  birth  defects, 
among  other  physical  disorders. 

Winston    J.  Craig,  Nutrition  for  the  Nineties, 
284.        (Many  references  cited) 

Caffeine  is  stimulating  to  the  central 
nervous  system,  but  it  results  in  a 


compensatory   depression.  Mental 
activity  may  be  very  rapid,  but  it  is 
often  inaccurate  during  the  excite- 
ment phase.  Exhaustion,  nervousness, 
irritability,  fatigue,  and  often  head- 
ache may  be  experienced  in  the 
depressed  phase. 

Symptoms  of  long-continued  use  of 
tea  includes:     irritability  of  temper, 
mental  irritability,  muscular  tremors, 
and   sleeplessness.  J.  h.  Kellogg, 

M.D., 

The  Home  Book  of  Modern  Medicine,  524 


A  closer  look  at  cocoa  and  chocolate 

"All  cocoa  contains  theobromine,  a  are  altogether  unwholesome  and  if 

nerve  poison.  .  .  Chocolate  and  cocoa       freely  indulged  in  may  easily  induce 


96 


TEMPERANCE 


conditions  which  may  be  attributed 
to  some  nerve  disorder." 

Jay  M.  Hoffman,  Ph.  D.,  The  Missing  Link,  48, 

quoting 

John  H.  Kellogg,  M.D.,  Health  Question  Box,  360 

"Chocolate  and  cocoa  products  may 
have  additional  problems  other  than 
their  caffeine  levels.  Epidemics  of 
salmonellosis  due  to  Salmonella- 
infected  chocolate  or  cocoa  have  been 
reported  during  the  past  two 
decades.  .  .  .    Chocolate  also  has  been 
associated  with  such  allergic 
reactions  as  skin  disorders, 
headaches,  gastrointestinal 
symptoms,  respiratory  problems  and 

nose   bleed."  Winston  J.  Craig,  Ph.  D., 

R.D., 

Nutrition  for  the  Nineties,  2  8  8 


Standards  for  the  use  of  cocoa  and 
chocolate  in  various  products  permit 
a  high  percentage  of  animal 
wastes/residues  to  be  included. 
"Cocoa  and  chocolate  are  prepared 
from  the  residue  left  after  extraction 
of  the  highly  valued  cocoa  butter 


which  is  used  for  covering  chocolates. 
.  .  .  Farmers  were  induced  to  feed  the 
residue  to  chickens,    The  fowls  pined 
and  egg  production  fell  off.    It  was 
fed  to  cows.  The  milk  production 
diminished.  ...  It    was  offered  to  the 
farmers  for  fertilizer.  The  crop  return 
instead  of  increasing  was  lessened. 
This  is  the  story  told  in  a  bulletin 
sent  out  by  the  U.  S.  Department  of 
Agriculture. 

"Cocoa  residue  is  so  poisonous  to 
cattle,  chickens,  even  the  soil,  the 
farmers  are  warned  by  the 
government  against  its  use!  Cows, 
chickens,  even  the  soil  must  be 
protected.  But  how  about  human 
beings?  There  are  millions  of  men 
and  women  drinking  cocoa  and 
chocolate  and  eating  quantities  of 
chocolates,  and  giving  them  to  their 
children,  supposing  them  to  be 

harmless."  Jay  M.  Hoffman,  Ph. 

D. 

The  Missing  Link,  48,    49;  quoting 
John  H.  Kellogg,  M.D.,  Health  Question  Box,  456, 

457 


97 


TEMPERANCE 

Tobacco,  alcohol,  and  other  drugs 


"Our  tables  should  bear  only  the  most  wholesome  food,  free 
from   every   irritating   substance.   The   appetite   for   liquor  is 
encouraged   by  the   preparation   of  food   with  condiments  and 
spices,     These  cause  a  feverish  state  of  the  system,  and  drink 
is  demanded  to  allay  the  irritation." 

Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful  Living,     92,  93 


Tobacco  is  a  poison.  Its  action  may  be 
slow,  but  it  is  insidious  and  sure. 
Tobacco  poisons  are  more  difficult  to 
cleanse  from  the  system,  than  are 
those  of  liquor. 

The  atmosphere  in  a  room  or  other 
enclosed  area,  may  become  so 
impregnated  with  the  properties  of 
tobacco  and  liquor  that  it  is  not  only 
unpleasant,  but  dangerous,  to 
continue  to  breath  the  contaminated 
air.  Many  reports  document  the  fact 
that  "second-hand"  smoke  is  as 
harmful,  or  more  so,  to  the  non- 
smoker,  as  is  the  harm  done  to  the 
smoker. 

The  true  seeker  for  health  will  break 
away   from  every  health-destroying 
habit,  and  those  not  indulging  in 
these  practices  will  make  every 
effort  to  avoid  breathing 
contaminated  air. 

"The  poison  contained  in  a  single 
pound  of  tobacco  is  sufficient  to  kill 
three  hundred  men  if  taken  in  such  a 


way  as  to  secure  its  full  effect.  A 
single  cigar  contains  poison  enough  to 
extinguish  two  human  lives  if  taken 

at  once."  J.  H.  Kellogg,  M. 

D., 

The  Home  Book  of  Modern  Medicine,  508 

Many  people  question  the  poisonous 
qualities  of  tobacco,  since  thousands 
use  it  regularly,  and  apparently 
suffer  little  harm.  Dr.  Kellogg 
responds. 

"To  this  objection  we  answer — 

1 .  One  reason  why  so  few  persons 
are  reputed  to  die  of  nicotine  or 
tobacco  poisoning,  is  the  wonderful 
faculty  the  system  possesses  of 
accommodating  itself  to  circum- 
stances. Through  this  means  the 
worst  poisons  may  by  degrees  be 
tolerated,  until  enormous  doses  can 
be  taken  without  immediately  fatal 
effects.     Corrosive  sublimate, 
strychnia  belladonna,  and  many 
other  poisons,  may  be  thus  tolerated. 

2.  In  our  opinion,  the  majority  of 
tobacco-users  do  die  of  tobacco 


98 


TEMPERANCE 

poisoning.  Death  as  surely  results, 
ultimately,  from  chronic  as  from 
acute  poisoning,  though  the  full 
effects  are  delayed,  it  may  be,  for 
years.  A  man  who  dies  five  or  ten 
years  sooner  than  he  should,  in 
consequence  of  tobacco-using,  is 
killed  by  the  poison  just  as  truly  as 
though  he  died  instantly  from  an 
overdose."  ibid  5 1 1 

Cigarette  smoking  is  the  chief  avoid- 
able cause  of  premature  death  in  the 
United  States  .    A  report  in  JAMA  of  a 
1985  survey  shows  a  total  of 
314,574  deaths  attributable  to 
smoking,  with  a    total  3,648,676 
years  of  potential  life  lost.  These 
estimates  were  based  on  an  average 
life  expectancy. 

JAMA  Jan  6,  1989-Vol  261,  No  1,  p23 


Smokers  generally  recognize  that 
there  are  long-term  health  risks  from 
smoking,  but  the  immediate  effects 
are  perceived  to  be  positive — they 
think  that  smoking  makes  them  more 
clearheaded,  alert,  and  able  to  focus 
on  their  work.  But  this  is  only  an 
illusion  as  it  has  the  opposite  effect. 

See  Lowell  Ponte,  How  cigarettes  cloud  your 

brain, 

Reader's  Digest,  vl46,  (March  '95)  p  127- 130 

According  to  an  article  in  the 
American  Lung  Association  Bulletin, 
more  damage  is  done  to  heart  and 
lungs  by  marijuana  smoke  than  by 
tobacco  smoke.  Marijuana  smoke 
impairs  the  ability  of  the  lungs  to 
dispose  of  bacteria  and  foreign 
material,  and  it  severely  inflames 
small  airways  in  the  lungs.  Results  of 
a  study  showed  that  a  single 
marijuana  cigarette  produced  as  high 
a  level  of  carbon  monoxide  in  the 
smoker's  blood  as  would  10  to  20 
tobacco  cigarettes  smoked  in  one  day. 

Science  Digest,  January/February,  1981, 

119 


Step  1: 

Step  2: 

"The  highly  seasoned  flesh 

"The  use  of  tobacco  encourages 

meats  and  tea  and  coffee,  which 

the  appetite  for  liquor,  and  the 

some  mothers  encourage  their 

use  of  tobacco  and  liquor 

children  to  use,  prepare  the 

invariably  lessens  nerve 

way  for  them  to  crave  stronger 

power." 

stimulants,  as  tobacco. " 

Ibid. 

Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful  Living,  109 

99 


Condiments  and  spices  of  all  kinds, 
pepper,  mustard,  anything  which  is 
'hot'  when  it  is  cold,  vinegar,  excess 
of  salt  and  sugar,  are  irritating  to  the 
system  and  develop  a  thirst  which 
water  does  not  quench.  The  free 
lunch  counters  supplied  by  the 
vendors  of  intoxicating  beverages 
include  items  with  enough  food  value 
to  appeal  to  the  hungry,  highly 
spiced,  calculated  to  develop  this 
thirst. 

Alcohol,  as  a  contributor  to  three  of 
the  leading  ten  causes  of  death  in  the 
United  States, —  cirrhosis  of  the  liver, 
accidents,  suicides  and  homicides, — 
should  definitely  be  avoided.  In 
addition,    it  is  associated  with  cancer, 
high  blood  pressure,  stroke  and  heart 
disorders  when  used  regularly. 
Alcohol  is  quickly  absorbed  and 
carried  to  all  parts  of  the  body.  It 
causes  sludging  of  red  blood  cells, 
and  as  the  cells  clump  together  and 
pile  up  they  may  plug  up  tiny 
capillaries.    Brain,  liver,  and  other 
tissues  are  destroyed  for  lack  of 
oxygen.     Liver  tissue  may  regenerate 
some  if  not  too  severely  damaged, 
but  brain  tissue  does  not  regenerate. 
Even  the  social  drinker  destroys 
some  brain  cells  with  every  drink. 
Alcohol  is  a  protein  precipitant  which 
makes  it  a  good  antiseptic  and 
bacteria  killer.  If  it  is  so  effective  in 
destroying  bacteria  it  can  also  be 
devastating  to  delicate  body  cells.  See 

J.  DeWitt  Fox,  M.D.,  Alcohol  and  Your  Brain,  Life 
and  Health,  January  1971,  pp  6,7 


100 


TEMPERANCE 


Much  publicity  has  been  given  to 
studies  supposedly  showing  that  the 
consumption  of  wine  by  the  French 
protects  them  from  the  risk  of  stroke. 
It  was  indicated  in  the  discussion  of 
the  "French  Paradox"  that  even 
though  the  French  diet  was  30% 
higher  in  fat  than  the  American  diet, 
the  red  wine  they  drank  protected 
them  from  their  rich  diet.  However, 
the  whole  story  was  not  told. 
Actually,  the  French  diet  is  quite 
comparable  to  the  American  diet  in 
fat,  but  they  use  more  fruits, 
vegetables,  and  grains, —  foods  that 
are  high  in  fiber,  and  rich  in  vitamins 
and  minerals.  Even  so,  cancer  of  the 
esophagus  and  stomach  cancer  are 
very  prevalent  among  the  French. 
Both  types  of  cancer  are  linked  to 
alcohol  consumption.    Also,  the 
French  die  of  cirrhosis  and  chronic 
liver  disease  at  almost  two  times  the 
rate  of  Americans.  Excessive  alcohol 
consumption  is  a  cause  of  cirrhosis  of 
the  liver. 

See  Alcohol  and  Your  Heart, 
Adventist  Review,  September,  1994 


"Alcohol  actually  interferes  with  the 
digestion,   absorption,  transport, 
storage  and  metabolism  of  many 

nutrients."  Winston  J.  Craig.  Ph.D., 

R.D., 

Nutrition  for  the  Nineties,  243 

As  part  of  a  summary  of  the  effects 
of  alcohol,  tobacco  and  other  drugs  on 
the  unborn  in  the  book  referenced 
below,  the  authors  state,  "In  many 
cases,  drug-associated  deficits  only 
become  apparent  as  a  child  matures. 
Mental  retardation,  lowered  intelli- 
gence,  hyperactivity,  shortened 
attention  spans,  learning  and 
organizational  disorders,  impaired 
physical  coordination,  continuing 
growth  delays  in  height,  weight,  and 
head  size,  and  social-interpersonal 
adjustment  problems  are  found  with 
greater  regularity   among  prenatally 
drug-exposed  youngsters  than  in 
similar  children  whose  mothers  did 
not  use  drugs  during  pregnancy." 

Paddy  Shannon  Cook,  et  al,  Alcohol,   Tobacco,  and 
Other  Drugs  May  Harm  the  Unborn,,  U.S. 
Department  of  Health  and  Human  Services,  DHHS 
Publication   No.   (ADM)90-171 1 


What  is  the  remedy? 

Did  you  notice  that  spices  call  for 
stronger  stimulants,  such  as  tobacco, 
and  this  in  turn  calls  for  liquor?    It  is 
encouraging  to  know  that  the  process 
can  be  reversed.  When  a  person  is 
well  nourished,  and  the  taste  buds 
have  learned  to  appreciate  the 
natural  flavors  in  foods,  the  system  is 
not  so  likely  to  call  for  stimulants. 


Experiments  have  shown  that 
animals  on  a  devitalized,  spicy,  diet 
will  choose  alcoholic  beverages  in 
prefer-ence  to  water.  When  these 
same  animals  are  given  a  nutritious 
diet  free  from  spices,  they  will  again 
choose  water  as  their  beverage,  even 
when  the  alcoholic  beverage  is  still 
available. 


101 


TEMPERANCE 


Of  course,  the  accumulation  of 
poisons  must  also  be  eliminated  from 
the  system.  Fruits  should  be  used 
freely  as  they  are  very  cleansing; 
also,  some  of  the  herb  teas  help  to 
cleanse  the  blood  stream  of 
impurities. 

Habits  that  demand  the  use  of 
harmful  stimulants  can  be  changed 
by  coop-erating  with  the  laws  that 
govern  our  being.  Practice  the  eight 
true    remedies,  including  trust. 
Claim  the  promises  of  divine  grace 
and  power  to  overcome  the  desire  to 
use  harmful  substances. 

See  Appendix  A  for  many  helpful 
promises. 


102 


TEMPERANCE 


Summary   and  recommendations 


Those  who  use  stimulants,  narcotics, 
or  similar  substances  think  these 
things  bring  them  enjoyment,  or  that 
they  help  them  cope  with  stress.  But 
these  substances  lower  the  energy 
level,  dull  the  senses,  excite,  then 
depress,  the  nervous  system,  and 
damage  brain  cells.  Life's  joys  vanish 
away,  leaving  depression  and  many 
physical  ills  in  its  place. 

Each  of  us  must  cope  with  stressful 
situations,  depression,  sorrow,  and 
troubles  of  various  kinds;  but  it  is 
much  more  difficult  to  cope  with 
life's  problems  when  the  senses  are 
dulled  and  the  energy  level  low.  On 
the  other  hand,  a  person  in  good 
health  with  an  unclouded  mind  is  not 
only  able  to  cope,  but  also 
experiences  more  fully  life's 
pleasures  and  joys.  Those  who  are 
living  in  a  mental  fog  may  not  even 
recognize  the  beautiful  experiences 
that  do  come  their  way!  But  there  is 
hope.  A  few  simple  life-style  changes 
can  improve  ones  outlook  on  life. 

The  brain  communicates  with  every 
part  of  the  body  with  electric 
currents  through  the  nervous  system, 
or  with  chemicals  (hormones)  that 
reach  their  destination  through  the 
blood-stream.   Anything  that  disturbs 
these  electrical  currents,  or  the 
synthesis  of  hormones  by  endocrine 
glands,  and  their  reception  where 
needed  to  regulate  various 
physiological  proces-ses,  impairs  the 


proper  functioning  of  the  body,  and 
of  the  mind. 

Two  of  the  endocrine  system  glands, 
the  pituitary  and  pineal  glands,  are 
located  in  the  head.  The  pituitary, 
known  as  the  master  gland,  is  located 
near  the  base  of  the  brain;  the  pineal 
is  deep  within  the  brain — indicating 
more  than  a  casual  relationship. 
The  Designer  of  the  universe,  and  of 
your  body  cells,  also  designed 
everything  necessary  for  life  and 
health  in  a  way  to  give  us  pleasure  as 
we  use  these  gifts.  Foods  are 
attractively  "wrapped"  and  come  in 
various  colors,  textures,  aromas,  and 
flavors;  it  is  a  pleasure  to  breath 
pure,  fresh,  air,  and  to  satisfy  the 
thirst  with  pure  water;  sunlight  not 
only  provides  energy  for  plant 
growth  to  sustain  our  needs,  but  also 
brings  color  and  beauty  to  our 
surroundings.   These  benefits 
promote  life  and  health  when  used 
temperately. 

But  many  people  are  not  satisfied 
with  these  bounties.  They  try  to 
compen-sate  for  the  lack  of  nutrients 
in  devitalized,  processed  foods  by  the 
use  of  stimulants;  or  try  to  cope  with 
stress  and  life's  challenges  by  the  use 
of  drugs  that  dull  the  senses.  But 
stimulants  depress  the  nervous 
system;  some  drugs  mimic  hormones, 
blocking  hormone  binding  sites  on 
cells  so  they  cannot  do  their 
appointed  tasks.  The  functioning  of 


104 


the  delicate  machinery  of  body  cells 
and  of  mental  capabilities  is 
hindered. 

At  creation  Adam  and  Eve  were 
given  dominion  over  the  earth, —  and 
over  self.  This  dominion  was  lost  at 
the  fall.  Temperance,  or  the 
restoration  of  the  dominion  over  self, 
is  possible  only  through  claiming  the 
promises  of  grace  and  power  to 


TEMPERANCE 


overcome  health  destroying 
practices,  and  to  live  in  accordance 
with  His  plan  for  us. 

Temperance  undergirds  all  health 
principles.  Choose  to  discard  that 
which  is  harmful,  and  to  use  that 
which  is  good — temperately! 

"Choose   Something  Better" 


105 


TEMPERANCE 

PROTEIN . . . 

proteins? 


How  safe  are  non-plant 


"Meat  is  not  essential  for  health  or  strength,  else  the  Lord  made  a 
mistake  when  he  provided  food  for  Adam  and  Eve  before  their  fall.  All 
the  elements  of  nutrition  are  contained  in  the  fruits,  vegetables,  and 
grains." 

Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful 

Living,  96 


Many  people  today  are  concerned 
about  the  use  of  flesh  foods  in  the 
diet.    Information  in  Lessons  1  and  3 
showed  that  plant  sources  of  protein 
are  abundant  and  adequate, —  that 
there  is  no  need  for  flesh  foods.  But 
is  there  any  harm  in  using  flesh 
foods?  Some  answers  to  this  question 
will  be  found  on  the  following  pages. 

Those  who  choose  something 
better,  and  discard  the  use  of  flesh 
foods,  may  notice  a  feeling  of 
weakness  for  a  short  period  of  time, 
as  well  as  some  indigestion.  Toxic 
wastes  in  flesh  foods  are  stimulating. 
The  lack  of  these  stimulants  causes 
the  feeling  of  weakness.  However, 
when     stimulants  are  no  longer 
consumed,  and  the  accumulation  of 
toxic  wastes  in  the  system  has  been 
eliminated,  it  will  be  found  that 
plant-source  foods  are  satisfying, 
giving  a  power  of  endur-ance  and 
strength  not  supplied  by  a  flesh  diet. 
Symptoms  of  indigestion  should 


disappear  when  the  healthy  type  of 
colon  bacteria  are  established. 

Wholesome,  yet  inexpensive  foods 
should  be  used  to  replace  flesh  foods; 
nourishing  and  satisfying  foods,  such 
as  may  be  provided  by  a    variety  of 
grains,  nuts,  vegetables,  and  fruits. 

It  was  not  our  Creator's  plan  that  it 
should  require  the  death  of  any 
creature  to  supply  the  needs  of 
mankind.  In  this  lesson  we  will  learn 
of  some  of  the  dangers  found  in  these 
"food"  sources. 

Our  Creator,  the  Giver  of  all  good 
gifts,  might  have  provided  for  our 
daily  food  needs  by  supplying  all 
needed  nutrients  wrapped  in  neat 
brown  packages,  all  having  the  same 
texture  and  flavor.    We  see  His  great 
love  for  us  in  the  variety  of  colors, 
textures,  flavors  and  aromas  in  the 
foods  gathered  from  gardens, 
orchards,  and  fields  of  waving  grain. 


106 


LEAVES     FM(DM     TEE     THEE          <BW  MFE 

Vegetarian, Whole     Foods, Cookery     and     Health  Seminar 


A  variety  ample  enough  to  meet 
varied  tastes   and  requirements. 

Proper   cooking   is   essential  in 
the    preparation    of  satisfying 
foods,  so  that  meat  will  not  be 
desired.      However,  this  need  not 


require  a  large  amount  of 
cooking.  The  diet  should  be 
adequate  in   both   quality  and 
quantity,   and   include  an 
abundance   of  fresh,   raw,  fruits 
and  vegetables. 


The  recipes  for  this  lesson  were  chosen  to  give  suggestions  for  tasty 
alternates  to  highly  spiced  foods  and  for  some  substantial  main  dishes. 


107 


TEMPERANCE 


Some  reasons  for  not  using  flesh  foods 


1 .  Excess  protein 

The  use  of  flesh  in  the  diet  usually 
results  in  consuming  more  protein 
than  is  needed.  Excess  protein  places 
an  extra  workload  on  the  liver  and 
kidneys  since  the  amino  acid  group 
composing  the  protein  must  be 
disposed  of,  with  loss  of  the  calcium 
used  in  the  process. 

2.  Tissue    wastes,  drugs, 
hormones, 

and  more: 

All  flesh  foods  contain  the  poisonous 
cell  wastes  that  were  on  the  way  to 
the  lungs,  skin,  and  kidneys  for 
elimination,  as  well  as  the  drugs, 
hormones,  and  other  substances 
introduced,  into  the  system  of  the 
animal.  Meat  broths  and  extracts  are 
heavily  loaded  with  wastes  similar  to 
uric  acid.  They  contain  practically  no 
food  value.  The  hormones  may  be 
growth  hormones  fed  to  the  animal, 
plus  the  adrenaline  thrown  into  the 
animal's  bloodstream  just  before  it 
was  slaughtered. 

Some  animals  realize  what  is  about  to 
happen  when  they  are  brought  to  the 
slaughter,  and  they  become  furious 
and  enraged.  The  strong  hormones 
thrown  into  the  animal's  system 
under  these  conditions  make  the 
flesh  poisonous,  and  when  consumed 


may  produce  cramps,  convulsions, 
apoplexy,  and  sudden  death. 

Even  fish  caught  in  fresh,  clear, 
streams  may  be  diseased  from 
having  fed  earlier  in  sewage 
polluted  water. 

3 .      Flesh   foods   are  acid- 
forming, 

and    degenerate  vital 
organs 

"A  meat  diet  acidifies  the  blood  and 
diminishes  the  oxidation.  It  charges 
the  humours  of  the  system  with  a 
superabundance   of  nitrogenous 
wastes,  uric  acid  in  particular;  it 
increases  the  urinary  alkaloids;  it 
congests  the  liver;  it  brings  an 
obstinate  constipation  and  causes 
dyspepsia,  gastric  difficulties  and 
enteritis;  it  leads  to  psoriasis,  eczema, 
etc.;  it  develops  rheumatic,  arthritic,, 
gouty  and  nervous  tendencies.  ...  It 
produces   arterial  hypertension  and 
heart  fatigue,  and  becomes  one  of  the 
most  active  predisposing  causes  of 
arteriosclerosis  (Buchard)" 

Julius  Gilbert  White,  Abundant  Health,  154; 
referencing  Armand  Gautier,   Diet  and  Dietetics, 
All 


4.      Alters    the  character 

White  rats  in  laboratories  are 
manageable  and  easy  to  tame  as  long 
as  they  are  fed  on  bread  and  grain, 


108 


but  they  become  snappy  and  given  to 
biting  from  the  time  they  are  fed  on 
flesh.  "Liebeg  relates  that  a  bear  kept 
at  the  museum  at  Giessen  was  gentle 
and  quiet  when  it  was  fed 
exclusively  on  bread  and  vegetables, 
but  a  few  days  of  animal  diet  caused 


LEAWES  FROM  '['HI',  TREE    OF  LIFE 

Vegetarian,Whole  Foods,Cooker^  and  Health  Seminar 

it  to  become  fierce  and  dangerous  to 
its  keeper.  They  [trainers]  used  to 
amuse  themselves  by  thus 
periodically  altering  the  animal's 
character." 

Ibid.,  161 


109 


TEMPERANCE 


5 .      Bacteria   for  lunch,  Please! 

Microscopic  counts  have  been  made  of  bacteria  found  in  various  meats: 

Bacteria    per  gram 

Beefsteak  1,500,000 
Corned   beef  31,000,000 
Hamburger    steak  75,000,000 
Pork    liver  95,000,000 
Limburger    cheese  18,000,000 

Compare  this  with  the  number  of  bacteria  found  in  manure: 

Oyster  juice  3,400,000 

Fresh  droppings  of  calf  15,000,000 

Fresh  droppings  of  goat  20,000,000 

Fresh   droppings  of  horse  25,000,000 

If  only  two  colon  germs  (E.  coli)  are  found  in  a  glass  of  water,  the  water  is 

Condemned  as  unsanitary.  Ibid.  155,  referencing  J.  H.  Kellogg,  M.D.,  The  New  Dietetics, 

407,  408 


Dr.  Hoffman  comments  on  bacteria  in  meat: 


"When  the  animal  is  alive,  the 
osmotic  process  in  the  colon  keeps 
putre-factive  bacteria  from  getting 
into  the  body  of  the  animal.  When 
the  animal  is  dead  the  osmotic 
process  is  gone  and  putrefactive 
bacteria  swarm  through  the  walls  of 
the  colon  and  into  the  flesh.  They 
tenderize  the  meat.  .  .  .  Properly  aged 


meat  is  approximately  four  weeks 
old.  At  six  weeks  it  is  even  more 
tender.  The  putrefactive  bacteria 
tenderize  the  meat.  Putrefactive 
bacteria  are  colon  germs,  colon  germs 
are  manure  germs,  and  that  is  what 
tenderizes  your  meat." 

Jay  M.  Hoffman,  Ph.D.  The  Missing  Link,  135 


6.      Source   of  disease 

Flesh  foods  are  a  very  prolific  source 
of  disease.    Sir  Arbuthnot  Lane  said: 

"If  you  wish  to  produce  cancer  with  a 
fair  degree  of  certainty,  supply  a 
constipated  subject  with  plenty  of 


meat,  and  endeavor  to  deal  with  his 
constipation  by  means  of  irritating 
purgative  drugs. 

"What  we  should  do  then,  if  we 
would  avoid  cancer,  is  to  eat  whole- 


110 


TEMPERANCE 


wheat  bread  and  raw  fruits  and 
vegetables,  shunning  all  meat;  first, 
that  we  may  be  better  nourished; 
second,  that  we  may  more  easily 
eliminate  waste  products,  and  thus 
adequately  drain  the  house  in  which 
our  cells  live." 


Julius  Gilbert  White,  Abundant  Health, 
157,  156 

See  the  Recommended  Reading  List 
in  the  Appendix  for  books  with 
additional  information  on  this  topic. 


Ill 


TEMPERANCE 


How  about  eggs,  milk  and  cheese? 

Are  they  safe  to  use?        Do  we  really  need  them? 


"As  disease  in  animals  increases,  the  use  of  milk  and  eggs  will  become 
more  and  more  unsafe.  An  effort  should  be  made  to  supply  their  place 
with  other  things  that  are  healthful  and  inexpensive.  The  people 
everywhere  should  be  taught  how  to  cook  without  milk  and  eggs,  so  far 
as  possible,  and  yet  have  their  food  wholesome  and  palatable." 

Ellen  G.  White,  Counsels  on  Diet  and  Foods,  365 


Salmonella  contamination  of  eggs  has 
been  known  for  some  time.  Washing 
intact  eggs  in  disinfectant  before 
shipping  may  only  aggravate  the 
problem,  as  the  eggshell  is  porous 
and  may  absorb  chemicals  in  the 
disinfectant.  Also,  it  appears  that  the 
Salmonella  organisms  are  infecting 
the  egg-making  system  of  the  hen, 
and  may  be  in  the  egg  before  it  is 
laid. 

(See  Winston  J.  Craig,,  Ph.D.,  R.D., 

Nutrition  for  the  Nineties,   27  2) 

The  widespread  leukemia  infection 
found  in  chickens  and  eggs  places 
them  in  a  questionable  category  for 
safe  sources  of  nutrition. 
Additionally,  many  people  suffer 
from  severe  allergic  reactions  to  eggs. 

See  Agatha  M.  Thrash,  M.D.,  and  Calvin  L. 
Thrash,  Jr., 

M.D.,  The  Animal  Connection,   7,  8 

Cattle  are  suffering  more  and  more 
from  various  diseases.  News  releases 
speak  to  finding  the  AIDS  virus  in 
cattle.  Leukemia  and  many  other 


deadly  diseases  have  been  prevalent 
among  cattle  for  some  time.  In 
California  40  to  80  percent  of  milk 
cows  test  positive  for  bovine 
leukosis. 

Dr.  Craig  speaks  to  the  dangers  from 
drug  residues  frequently  found  in 
milk.  These  come  from  antibiotics 
used  by  farmers  to  treat  diseases  of 
cattle.  Evidently  the  cows  are  not 
kept  out  of  the  milking  line  long 
enough,  since  tests  frequently  show 
drug  residues  in  milk. 

Also,  dioxins  used  in  the  manufacture 
of  paperboard  milk  cartons  may 
leach  out  of  the  container  into  the 
milk.    Dioxins  can  cause  cancer,  birth 
defects,  liver  degeneration,  spleen 
damage,  and  are  toxic  to  the  immune 
system  in  animals. 

See  Winston  J.  Craig,  Ph.D.,  R.D.  Nutrition  for 
the  Nineties,   271-273,  citing     many  references; 

Food  elements  are  nutritious  to  the 
system  until  they  begin  to 


112 


TEMPERANCE 


decompose.  Nutrients  in  foods  that 
have  started  to  spoil,  such  as 
overripe  fruits,  wilted  vegetables, 
rancid  nuts,  become  toxic  to  the 
system  and  should  not  be  used. 

According  to  the  definition  of  food  in 
Lesson  1,  cheese  is  not  a  food.  It  is 
not  only  high  in  fat,  but  the  degrada- 
tion of  substances  in  milk  as  it  is 
processed  to  cheese  make  it  harmful 
to  the  body. 

The  proteins,  carbohydrates,  and  fats, 
in  milk  are  altered  during  the 
fermentation  processes  used  in 
curing  cheese,  a  process  somewhat 
similar  to  composting  leaves.  Most  of 
these  products  are  toxic  and 
irritating.  Some  of  the  amines  in 
cheeses  may  interact  with  substances 


in  the  stomach  to  form  cancer- 
producing  agents.  Tyramine 
compounds,  amines  abundant  in  ripe 
cheese  as  breakdown  products  of 
tyrosine,  may  cause  hypertensive 
crisis  and  central  nervous  system 
irritability.  Fats  are  hydrolyzed  to 
irritating  fatty  acids.  Some  of  the 
changes  resulting  from  aging  fats  and 
cholesterol  make  them  dangerous  to 
health.  It  was  found  that  some  of  the 
products  formed  in  the  degradation 
of  cholesterol  could  cause  death  of 
muscle  fibers  in  artery  walls,  which 
could  be  the  initial  injury  in  the 
development  of  atherosclerosis. 
Review  Lesson  4  for  other  damages 
to  cell  functions  from  degraded  fats. 

See  Agatha  M.  Thrash,  M.D.,  and  Calvin  L. 
Thrash,  Jr., 

M.D.,  The  Animal  Connection,  109-111,  and  73 


Homo   sapiens   (humans)   are   the   only   mammalians   that  consume 
milk  after  being  weaned — and  the  milk  is  from  a  different  species! 


For  information 


Researchers  studied  the  possible 
relationship  between  the  more  highly 
saturated  fats  found  in  animal  and 
dairy  products,  and  the  higher 
incidence  of  Multiple  Sclerosis  (MS) 
in  farming  communities.  Investiga- 
tions were  made  in  Norway  to 
determine  why  inland  farming 
communities  had  a  higher  incidence 
of  MS  than  was  found  in  areas  near 

R.  L.  Swank,  'Multiple  Sclerosis:  a  correlation  of  its 
1950,  220,  pp  421-30;  and  M.  Alter,  et  al,  'Multiple 
31,  pp.  267-72 


the  coastline.  It  was  found  that  the 
diet  of  the  inland  farmers  was  much 
higher  in  animal  and  dairy  products 
than  the  diet  of  those  who  lived  near 
the  coast.  The  diet  of  those  near  the 
coast  included  more  fish.  Studies 
have  shown  that  there  is  a  strong 
association  between  a  diet  that  is 
high  in  animal  and  dairy  products, 
and  the  incidence  of  MS. 

incidence  with  dietary  fat',  Am.  J.  Med.  Sci, 
Sclerosis  and  Nutrition',    Arch.  Neurol.,   197 4, 


AIR 


The  long  intestinal  tracts  of  herbivores  as  compared  with  the  short  intestinal 
tracts  of    carnivores  have  been  compared  to  remind  us  that  the  human 
anatomy  places  humans  with  herbivores.  Here  are  some  additional  interesting 
comparisons  that  indicate  that  humans  are,  naturally,  plant  eaters: 

Herbivores    (Eat  plant  foods)   Carnivores     (Eat  flesh) 
Sweat  when  hot  Pant  when  hot 

Sip  water  Lap  water 

Must  eat  vitamin  C  Manufacture  their  own  vitamin  C 

From:    We  think  we  are  one,  we  act  as  if  we  are  one,  but  we  are  not  one,    (editorial)  by  William 
Clifford  Roberts  il,  v66  American  Journal  of  Cardiology,  Oct  1,  1990,  p  896(1) 


Remember:     All  the  elements  needed  for  good  nutrition  are  found 
in  fruits   (including  nuts),  grains,  and  vegetables.  (Review 
Lessons  1  and  3) 


AIR  . 


The  Free  Blessing  of  Heaven 


Air,  an 'Invigorating  Influence" 


Fresh  "air  is  the  free  blessing  of  heaven,  calculated  to  electrify  the  whole 

System."  Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful  Living, 

71 


"Air,  air,  the  precious  boon  of  heaven,  which  all  may  have,  will  bless  you 
with  its  invigorating  influence  if  you  will  not  refuse  it  entrance.  Welcome 
it,  cultivate  a  love  for  it,  and  it  will  prove  a  precious  soother  of  the  nerves. 
.  .  .  The  influence  of  pure,  fresh  air  is 

to  cause  the  blood  to  circulate  healthfully  through  the  system. 
It  refreshes  the  body,  and 

tends  to  render  it  strong  and  healthy,  while  at  the  same  time 

its  influence  is  decidedly  felt  upon  the  mind, 

imparting  a  degree  of  composure  and  serenity. 

It  excites  the  appetite,  and 

renders  the  digestion  of  food  more  perfect, 


(5  114 


AIR 


and  induces  sound,  sweet  sleep."  ibid.  72 


Let  every  thing  that  hath  breath  praise  the  Lord.  Praise  ye  the  Lord. 

Psalm  150:6 


Every  cell  in  the  body  utilizes  oxygen. 
It  is  needed  to  "burn"  foods  to 
produce  heat  and  energy.  These  cells 
are  dependent  on  the  oxygen  supply 


available  in  the  blood  stream  and 
tissue  fluids.  Some  of  the  reasons  red 
blood  cells  may  not  be  able  to  supply 
enough  oxygen  to  body  cells  include: 


Poor  posture  and  breathing  habits. 
Poorly  ventilated  rooms  with  pollutants  in  the  air. 
Clumping  of  red  blood  cells  caused  by  free  fats  in  the  diet. 
Wastes  and  toxins  in  the  blood  stream. 


"Air  is  life's  first  necessity.  One  may  live  for  many  days  without  food,  and  for  a 
few  days  without  water,  but  for  only  a  few  moments  without  air." 

J  ulius  Gilbert  VJh\te,Abundant  Health, 

324 


(£  115 


AIR 


What  is  air? 

Air  is  a  mixture  of  many  gases,  but  is 
composed  mostly  of  nitrogen  and 
oxygen, —  about  four-fifths  nitrogen 
and  one -fifth  oxygen.  Other  gases 
normally  in  pure  air  are  found  only  in 
minute  quantities,  except  for  carbon 
dioxide  and  water  vapor. 


All  living  things  are  dependent  on 
oxygen.  Plants  not  only  use  carbon 
dioxide  from  the  air  as  food,  but  they 
also  utilize  oxygen, —  as  do  animals 
and  humans.  Air  is  admirably  adapted 
to  the  needs  of  human  beings,  as  well 
as  to  the  needs  of  animals  and  plants. 


Air  may  carry  pollutants  hazardous  to  health! 


Carbon  dioxide  is  not  harmful  to 
animal  life  in  the  quantity  naturally 
found  in  the  atmosphere,  but  if  its 
proportion  is  increased  tenfold  or 
more  it  becomes  decidedly  harmful, 
especially  if  the  increase  is  from  the 
respiration  of  animals  or  human 
beings — though  the  harm  may  come 
more  from  organic  poisons  associated 
with  it.  High  concentrations  may  be 
reached  in  enclosed  areas  as  each 
exhalation  makes  about  three  cubic 
feet  of  air  unfit  for  breathing  again! 

Chemicals  that  are  airborne  may 
damage  the  delicate  tissues  in  the 
lungs,  and  perhaps  poison  the  body. 
Manufacturing  plants,  agricultural 
applications,  and  some  trade  or 
professional  practices,  may  be  sources 
of  many  air-borne  chemicals. 

Dust  may  include  not  only  dry  earth 
and  pollen,  but  also  tiny  bits  of  metal, 
worn  tires,  black  soot,  etc.  Small 
quantities  of  dust  may  be  mostly 
removed  in  the  air  passages  before 
reaching  the  delicate  alveoli  in  the 
lungs;  however,  the  body's  filtering 
mechanism  fails  if  the  quantity  of  dust 
is  great.  Inhalation  of  dust  is  one  of 
the  causes  of  lung  diseases. 

Disease  germs  and  spores  are  given 
off  in  great  numbers  wherever  there 
is  decay  of  animal  or  vegetable  matter. 


This  decay  gives  off  a  musty  odor,  and 
the  germs  and  spores  may  cause 
serious  diseases.  Sources  may  be 
moldy  bread  or  other  spoiled  foods, 
molds  on  walls  or  floors  in  humid 
areas,  and  decaying  leaves  or  other 
organic  matter  in  the  area. 

Hydrogen  sulfide  and  Ammonia  are 
often  present  in  the  air.  These  gases 
are  given  off  by  decomposition  of 
animal  wastes  from  stables,  barnyards, 
chicken  coops,  vaults,  etc.  Hydrogen 
sulfide  smells  like  rotten  eggs. 

Organic  Poisons  are  body  wastes, 
other  than  carbon  dioxide  (an 
odorless  gas),  eliminated  from  the 
body  through  the  lungs  and  skin. 
They  are  some  of  the  most  harmful 
poisons  in  enclosed  air,  and  may  even 
produce  death.  A  person  who  has 
been  in  an  unventilated  room  for 
some  time  may  not  notice  it,  but  a 
person  coming  in  from  the  pure  out- 
side air  will  notice  the  "fusty"  odor. 
(Webster  says  fusty  =  moldy,  musty, 
ill-smelling,  rank.) 

Tobacco  smoke  not  only  carries  toxins 
that  are  absorbed  by  the  blood,  but  it 
also  blackens  the  delicate  lining  of  the 
lungs,  coating  the  alveoli  and 
hindering  the  transfer  of  oxygen  and 
carbon  dioxide. 


(6  116 


AIR 


"The  harmful  effects  of  living  in  close,  ill-ventilated  rooms  are  these: 
The  system  becomes  weak  and  unhealthy; 
the  circulation  is  depressed; 

the  blood  moves  sluggishly  through  the  system,  because  it  is  not 
purified  and  vitalized  by  the  pure,  invigorating  air  of  heaven; 

the  mind  becomes  depressed  and  gloomy, 

while  the  whole  system  is  enervated, 

and  fevers  and  other  acute  diseases  are  liable  to  be  generated." 

Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful  Living,  72 


Recommendations  and  cautions 


Open  doors  and  windows  in  the  home 
for  at  least  a  few  minutes  every  day, 
even  in  the  wintertime.  Turn  the 
thermostat  low  to  conserve  fuel,  and 
let  the  fresh  air  flow  in.  The  air  will 
warm  again  in  a  few  minutes,  or  cool 
again  if  it  a  hot  summer  day,  and  the 
fresh  air  will  truly  be  a  boon  to  the 
household. 

Another  good  practice  is  to  fold  back 
the  covers  on  the  bed  first  thing  in 
the  morning,  and  let  the  bedding  and 
bed  air  out  for  a  few  minutes  before 
making  it. 

Garden  enthusiasts  should  be  careful 
to  keep  humus  piles  well  away  from 
the  home.  Decaying  refuse,  as  well  as 
dampness  and  mold,  harbor  death- 
producing  germs  in  abundance. 
Uncleanness   in  any  form   tends  to 


disease.  These  principles  apply  within 
the  home  also.  Nothing  should  be 
tolerated  within  the  home  that  is 
decaying  or  unclean. 

Too  frequent  use  of  nose  drops  and 
nasal  sprays  may  damage  the  delicate 
membranes,  causing  them  to  become 
thickened  and  inflamed.  The  use  of 
these  products  is  not  recommended. 

We  should  do  all  we  can  to  assure  a 
supply  of  good  clean  air  as  "food"  for 
the  lungs.  Some  situations  may  be 
beyond  our  control,  other  than 
moving  to  a  new  location,  and/or 
finding  different  employment. 
However,  there  is  much  that  can  be 
done  in  and  about  our  homes  to 
improve  the  quality  of  the  air  we 
breathe  by  practicing  simple  rules  of 
cleanliness  and  hygiene. 


An  abundance  of  pure,  fresh,  air  is  needed  to  supply  the  needs  of  each  cell  in 
the  body,  and  to  dilute  and  wash  away  the  poisons  poured  forth  from  lungs  and 
skin. 


(£  117 


AIR 


Vitamins,  Minerals,  and  Phytochemicals 


Life  is  sustained  by  food,  water,  air, 
and  sunshine.  Food  that  has  been 
devitalized  cannot  provide  good 
nourishment.  (Vital  elements  have 
been  removed  from  devitalized  foods.) 
Only  foods  that  have  life  should  be 
used,  foods  that  contain  the  vital 
nutrients  that  make  the  difference 
between  living  and  dead  matter. 
Scientists  have  called  some  of  these 
nutrients  vitamins. 

"Vitamins  promote  the  rate  and  ease 
with  which  essential  chemical 
reactions  proceed  in  the  body,  in 
much  the  same  way  that  catalysts 
promote  reactions  in  chemistry.  True 
catalysts  are  not  themselves  used  up 
in  the  reaction,   whereas   often  the 


vitamins  are  used  up,  attached,  or 
destroyed  in  the  process  of  promoting 
the  biologic  reaction" 

Agatha  Moody  Thrash,  M.D.,  and 
Calvin  L.  Thrash,  Jr.,  M.D. 
Nutrition  for  Vegetarians,  61 

What  do  vitamins  do  for  us? 

"Regulate  metabolism, 

"Assist   in  converting    fat  and 
carbohydrates  into  energy, 

"Assist  in  forming   bones  and 
tissue. 

"Prevent  deficiency  diseases." 

Ibid.,  61,  62 


Vitamins  are  the  vital  sparks  setting  food  elements  to  work. 


Vitamins  may  be  largely  lost  during 
transportation  and  storage  of  foods. 
Foods  used  should  be  as  fresh  as 
possible  to  maximize  on  the  vitamin 
content.  Some  vitamins  are  retained 
in  cooking,  canning,  and  freezing. 

Many  nutrients,  including  vitamins, 
are  removed  or  lost  when  foods  are 
refined.  Some  nutrients  may  be  added 
back  to  "enriched"   foods,  but  only  a 


fraction  of  what  was  removed  is  added 
back, —  and  these  are  probably 
synthetic.  Twenty  nutrients  may  have 
been  removed  from  "enriched" 
refined  products,  with  perhaps  only  5 
being  replaced. 

This  process  may  be  likened  to 
someone  returning  $25.00  to  you 
after  having  stolen  $100.00,  and  tell- 
ing you  that  you  have  been  enriched. 


What  are  the  best  vitamin  sources? 

Whole  foods  as  grown,  fresh  from 
garden  and  orchard,  are  the  best 
sources  of  vitamins.  Whole  grains  are 
excellent  sources  of  the  B  vitamins,  as 
are  also  green,  leafy  vegetables.  Pro- 
vitamin A  is  found  in  highly-colored 
vegetables,  such  as  carrots,  winter 
squash,  and  deep-green  vegetables,  as 


well  as  in  many  fruits  and  melons. 
Just  as  carbohydrates,  proteins,  and 
fats  are  found  in  all  whole  foods,  so 
other  substances,  including  vitamins, 
are  found  in  these  foods.  A  varied  diet 
of  whole  natural  foods  in  adequate 
amounts  should  supply  most  of  the 
needed  vitamins. 


(6  118 


AIR 


No  doubt  the  average  American  would 
profit  from  the  use  of  more  protective 
foods,  such  as  fresh  fruits  and  vege- 
tables. The  average  annual  consump- 
tion of  these  foods  in  1990  was: 

Pounds 
Fresh  fruits  92 
Selected  melons  25 
Fresh  vegetables  111 
Fresh  Potatoes  45 

273 

The  total  consumption  of  potatoes  was 
127  pounds,  but  most  of  them  were 
used  as  frozen  potato  products,  or  as 
chips,  shoestring,  or  dehydrated 
potatoes,  so  could  not  be  considered 
protective  foods  very  well. 

The  above  amounts  are  given  as  farm 
weight  of  produce,  so  the  amounts 
consumed  would  be  much  less  when 
trimmings  and  wastes  are  considered. 
The   average  annual  consumption  of 


dairy  products  was  570  pounds  (see 
Lesson  5),  and  a  fair  amount  of  that 
was  in  the  form  of  highly  concen- 
trated cheese  products.  Note  that  the 
average  American  consumed  more 
than  twice  as  many  pounds  of  dairy 
products  than  of  the  protective  fresh 
fruits  and  vegetables!  It  is  no  wonder 
that  degenerative  diseases  are  so 
prevalent,  and  the  Surgeon  General  is 
recommending  the  use  of  more  fruits 
and  vegetables!  Of  course,  the  use  of 
fresh  fruits  and  vegetables  from  home 
gardens  and  orchards  might  improve 
this  picture  somewhat,  but  it  is 
apparent  that  these  foods  need  to  be 
appreciated,  and  eaten,  more  than 
they  currently  have  been! 


The  less  time  that  passes  between  the 
time  foods  are  gathered  from  garden, 
field,  and  orchard,  and  when  served 
at  the  table,  the  more  nourishing  the 
food  will  be. 


Do  I  need  a  B-12  supplement? 


Studies  show  that  many  B-12  supple- 
ments may  do  more  harm  than  good. 
"Multivitamin  preparations  contain 
breakdown  products  of  B-12  that 
exert  an  anti-B-12  effect,  and  may 
cause  the  very  deficiency  the  prepara- 
tion is  expected  to  prevent." 

Agatha  M  Thrash,  M.D.,  and  Calvin  L  Thrash,  Jr., 
M.D.,  Nutrition  for  Vegetarians,  69,  citing  Harmful 
B-12  breakdown  Products  in  Multivitamins?  Medical 
World  News,  09/28/81,12,  13 

Recent  studies  indicate  that  B-12 
from  algae  (nori  and  spirulina)  may 
not  be  bio -available,  (are  not  acces- 
sible for  metabolic  needs  of  the  body). 

Pieter  C.  Dagnelie,  et  al,  Vitamin  B-12  from  Algae 
Appear  not  to  be  Bioavailable,  American  Journal  of 
Clinical  Nutrition,  March  '91,  p695(3} 


Results  of  recent  studies  indicate  that 
total  vegetarians  do  need  a  B-12 
supplement, —  not  as  part  of  a  multi- 
vitamin preparation,  however.  The 
following  product  is  recommended: 

Sublingual 
B-12  DOTS 
By  Twinlab 

One  such  tablet  as  a  B-12  DOT  per 
week  should  be  adequate.  If  the  B-12 
pill  is  hard,  crush  or  chew  it  to  get 

adequate  absorption.  See  Milton  G.  Crane, 
ED.,  et  al,  Vitamin  B-12  Studies  in  Total 
Vegetarians,  Weimar  Institute  and  Loma  Linda 
University. 


(£  119 


AIR 


Mineral  salts  are  as  important  to  life  as  are  proteins,  fats,  starches,  and  sugars. 
Minerals  "perform  many  functions  in  the  body,"  comments  Dr.  Craig, 
"including  a  structural  role  as  well  as  regulation  of  important  body  processes. 
For  example, 

they  participate  in  blood  clotting, 

transmission  of  messages  from  nerves  to  muscles, 

transport  of  oxygen  by  the  hemoglobin  in  the  red  blood  cells, 

and  enzyme  regulation. 

Furthermore,  zinc  is  part  of  the  structure  of  insulin, 

cobalt  is  at  the  center  of  the  vitamin  B-12  molecule,  and 
the  thyroid  hormone  thyroxine  contains  four  atoms  of  iodine. 

Since  copper  is  essential  for  iron  uptake  and  transport  in  the  blood, 
anemia  can  result  from  copper  deficiency. 

Silicon,   a  newer   [little   known]   trace   element,    plays  a  role   in  the 
formation  of  bone  and  connective  tissue;   [also,  arterial  wall  strength]. 

In  addition  flouride  is  required  for  the  maintenance  of  healthy  bone  and 
tooth  structure, 

while  manganese  is  essential  for  normal  brain  function,  bone  growth, 
collagen  formation  and  for  energy  metabolism." 

Winston  J.  Craig,  Nutrition  for  the  Nineties,  153 


Minerals  are  needed  to  maintain  the 
acid-base  balance  in  the  body.  They 
may  be  shifted  from  bone  or  muscle 
into  plasma,  or  out  of  plasma  into 
bone  or  muscle  in  order  to  maintain 
this  balance.  Also,  minerals  help 
maintain  osmotic  pressure,  facilitate 
transport  of  other  nutrients  and 
substances  across  cell  membranes, 
assist  in  blood  clotting,  and  make  up  a 
significant  portion  of  bones. 

(See  Agatha  Moody  Thrash,  M.D.,  and 
Calvin  L.  Thrash,  Jr.,  M.D., 
Nutrition  for  Vegetarians,  71) 

Digestive  juices  include  various  groups 
and  combinations  of  mineral  salts.  If 
the  supply  of  minerals  is  not 
adequate,  nerves,  tissues,  teeth  and 
bones  will  be  robbed  in  an  effort  to 
supply     the     mineral     needs  for 


digestion, —  the  body's  No.  1  priority 
for  minerals.  If  the  inadequacy  con- 
tinues, digestion  will  be  impaired. 

A  diet  of  devitalized  foods  lacking 
their  natural  mineral  content  will  not 
provide  the  minerals  needed  for  good 
digestion,  nor  for  the  many  other 
needs.  A  continued  deficiency  will  tip 
the  chemical  balance  so  essential  for 
good  health.  The  body  cannot  shift 
minerals  from  empty  "store-houses" 
of  bone  and  muscle,  into  plasma. 

Body  wastes  tend  to  be  acidic; 
therefore,  the  diet  should  include  an 
abundance  of  alkaline-ash  foods,  such 
as  fruits  and  vegetables,  to  offset  the 
acid-ash    foods    and    body  wastes. 


(6  120 


AIR 


Do  we  get  enough  minerals  from  natural,  whole  foods? 


"Many  researchers  have  expressed 
concern  about  the  availability  of  trace 
minerals  from  a  high-fiber  vegetarian 
diet  containing  unrefined  cereals  and 
legumes.  They  contend  that  dietary 
fiber  and  other  plant  components 
reduce  the  bioavailability  of  elements 
like  zinc.  It  is  true  that  38%  of  the 
zinc  in  white  bread  is  absorbed  while 
only  17%  is  absorbed  from  wholemeal 
bread.  However,  the  total  amount  of 
zinc  absorbed  from  wholemeal  bread 
is  almost  50%  more  than  that 
absorbed  from  white  bread.  Why? 
Because  wholemeal  bread  contains 
more  than  three  times  the  level  of 
zinc  found  in  the  white  bread." 

Winston  J.  Craig,  Ph.D.,  R.D., 
Nutrition  for  the  Nineties,  151-152;  referencing 
B.  Sandstrom,  B.  Arvidson,  A  Cederblad  and  E 
Bjorn-Rasmussen.  Zinc  Absorption  from  Composite 
Meals.  I.  The  Significance  of  Wheat  Extraction  Rate, 
Zinc,  Calcium  and  Protein  Content  in  Meals  Based 
on  Bread  Am  J  ClinNutr33:  739-745,  1980 

"When  calories,  proteins,  and 
vitamins  are  provided  in  sufficient 
quantity  by  a  varied  diet  from  the 
basic  three  food  groups,  the  mineral 


requirements  are  usually  met  auto- 
matically. It  is  not  helpful  to  any  of  the 
body  systems  to  have  a  mineral 
surplus  on  hand.  In  fact,  body  func- 
tions are  hampered  or  even  destroyed 

by  an  excess."        Agatha  Moody  Thrash,  M.D., 
and  Calvin  L.  Thrash,  Jr. ,  M.D. , 
Nutrition  for  Vegetarians,  72 

Note  the  words  "usually  met".  This 
greatly  depends  on  the  mineral 
content  of  soils  where  foods  are 
grown. 

Also,  although  green,  leafy  vegetables 
are  excellent  sources  of  minerals, 
calcium  in  high-oxalate  greens  is  not 
available  to  the  body  even  though  it  is 
absorbed.  Spinach,  chard,  beet  tops, 
and  rhubarb  are  high  in  oxalic  acid  so 
are  not  the  best  foods.  Generous 
servings  of  low-oxalate  greens,  such  as 
kale,  collards,  broccoli,  cabbage,  and 
endive,  should  be  used  daily.  Many 
edible  wild  plants  may  be  used  to 
supplement  garden  greens.  Learn  to 
identify  plants  in  your  area  so  that 
poisonous  plants  will  not  be  eaten. 


Some  reasons,  and  remedies,  for  mineral  deficiencies 


Use  of  highly  refined  foods. 

Excessive  urinary  losses,  such  as  loss 
of  calcium  used  in  processing  excess 
protein  in  the  diet. 

Increased  needs  during  rapid  growth, 
or  other  physical  crises. 

Decreased  intestinal  absorption 
because  of  chemical  interactions,  such 
as  may  be  caused  by  an  excessive  use 
of  mineral  supplements,  imbalancing 
the  mineral  ratios  in  the  system. 


Variations  in  the  mineral  content  of 
soils.  For  example,  foods  grown  on 
soils  low  in  iodine  will  be  deficient  in 
iodine. 

It  is  recommended  that  foods  be 
obtained  from  far  and  near,  so  as  to 
include  some  grown  on  soils  rich  in 
minerals  not  found  in  local  soils.  Also, 
iodized  salt  should  be  used  to  help 
supply  needed  iodine,  or  kelp  tablets 
with  150  to  300  mg  of  iodine.  If 
mineral  supplements  are  used,  they 
should  be  used  judiciously. 


(£  121 


and        Health  Seminar 


LllJ-vysS  It'IiDJM  TMIS  TMS8E  ©IF  MS'S 
Vegetarian       Whole       Foods  Cookery 

Phytochemicals  are  taking  the  spot- 
light in  current  publications  on 
nutrition  and  health  information, 
("phyto"  comes  from  the  Greek  word 
for  plant).  Plants  are  veritable 
chemical  factories,  manufacturing 
hundreds,  perhaps  thousands,  of 
phytochemicals,  which  are  substances 
other  than  vitamins,  minerals,  and 
complex  carbohydrates  in  plant  foods. 

Nutrients  in  whole  plant  foods 
complement  each  other  in  the 
hundreds  of  chemical  reactions  that 
body  cells  must  process  for  optimum 
health.  Refined,  processed  foods  no 
longer  have  all  their  life-giving 
nutrients  (vitamins,  minerals,  phyto- 
chemicals, etc)   to  sustain  a  healthy 


In  addition  to  the  above  listed 
compounds,  whole  soybeans  contain 
isoflavones,  inositol  phosphates,  and 
saponins,  that  help  prevent  cancer. 
But   these    phytochemicals    may  be 


activity  in  body  cells.  Chemical 
reactions  that  should  take  place  may 
be  slowed,  hindered,  altered,  or  not 
completed.  The  liver  may  not  be  able 
to  cope  with  all  of  the  unusable 
altered  nutrients  and  toxic 
substances,  so  they  accumulate  in  the 
body,  causing  diseased  conditions. 

Research  shows  that  many  of  the 
phytochemicals  have  anticarcinogenic 
properties,  as  well  as  providing 
protection  against  other  degenerative 
diseases.  They  perform  important 
tasks  in  maintaining  healthy  cell 
activity, —  a  healthy  body. 

Note  the  sources  of  the  following 
anticarcinogenic  phytochemicals: 


in 


almost  entirely  lacking  in  soy  protein 
isolate  products.  This  helps  us  under- 
stand the  importance  of  using  whole 
foods  as  grown,  rather  than  the 
isolates  derived  from  them! 


Naturally  Occurring  Anticarcinogenic  Compounds  in  Foods 


Inhibitor 


Typical  Dietary  Source 


Aromatic  isothiocyanates 
Ascorbic  acid  (vitamin  C) 
Alpha  and  Beta-carotenes 

Coumarins  and  lactones 

Fibers 

Flavonoids 

Indoles 

Lycopene 
Plant  phenolics 
Protease  inhibitors 
Selenium  compounds 
Alpha-Tocopherol 


Cauliflower,  cabbage 
Citrus  fruits,  vegetables 
Carrots,  leafy  vegetables, 
Sweet  potato,  mango,  pumpk 
Citrus  fruits,  vegetables 
Cereals,  fruits,  vegetables 
Fruits,  vegetables,  grains 
Brussels  sprouts,  cabbage, 
Cauliflower 
Tomatoes 

Soybeans,  oats,  apples,  potato 
Soybeans,  seeds,  nuts,  legum< 
Grains,  Brazil  nuts 
Nuts,  seeds,  oils,  asparagus 


Adapted  by  Winston  J.  Craig,.  Nutrition  for  the  Nineties,  101,  from 

E.  S.  Fiala,  B.  S.  Reddy  and  J.  H.  Weisburger.  Naturally  occurring  Anticarcinogenic  Substances  in 
Foodstuffs.  Ann  Rev  Nutr  5:295-321,  1985 


122 


AIR 


Genestein,  one  of  the  isoflavones  in 
whole  soybeans,  is  a  recently 
recognized  phytochemical,  that  works 
against  cancer  and  atherosclorosis. 

See  Milton  G.  Crane,  M.D.,  What's  New  About  Soya, 
Weimar  Institute  TIDINGS,  MAY/ JUNE,  '94 


Fenugreek  seeds  supply  a  soluble  fiber 
that  lowers  blood  glucose  levels  and 
elevated  serum  cholesterol.  This 
aromatic  legume  may  be  ground,  or 
sprouted,  and  included  in  the  diet. 

See  Aromatic  alternative  to  oat  bran,  Science  News, 

August  18,  1990,  109 


Some  phytochemicals  are  known  as 
Enzymes  because  they  facilitate  but 
are  not  destroyed  in  a  chemical 
reaction.  They  are  essential  for  good 
health,  but  are  even  more  easily  lost 
or  destroyed  than  vitamins.  They  are 
destroyed  by  temperatures  of  130°  F, 
or  greater.  They  begin  to  deteriorate 
soon  after  food  is  harvested. 

Body  cells  manufacture  hundreds  of 
enzymes  to  act  as  catalysts  in  the 
chemical  reactions  constantly  taking 
place.  Although  most  enzymes  for 
digestion  and  other  reactions  are 
produced  by  the  cells  de  novo  (not 
from  plant  enzymes),  we  also  need  an 
abundance  of  enzymes  as  found  in 
fresh,  raw  foods,  which  should  make 
up  a  good  share  of  our  daily  food 
intake. 

Although  enzymes  for  digestion  are 
produced  by  body  cells,  plant  enzymes 
may  enhance  the  digestive  process. 
Studies  show  that  raw  foods  such  as 
vegetables  and  fruits  digest  more 
readily  than  the  same  food  does  when 
cooked. 


Sprouted  seeds  and  grains  are 
veritable  storehouses  of  enzymes 
activated  to  launch  the  seed  into  the 
plant.  Sprouted  wheat  or  other  grain, 
and  sprouted  radish,  fenugreek 
clover,  and  alfalfa  seeds,  make  excel- 
lent additions  to  sandwiches  and 
salads;  or  they  may  be  used  as  a  side 
dish  at  the  table.  Sprouts  add  sparkle 
to  the  winter  menu. 

Fruits  and  vegetables  are  best  if  used 
right  out  of  the  orchard  or  garden.  If 
commercially  grown  fruits  and 
vegetables  must  be  used,  shop  for 
fresh,  unwilted  produce. 

Special  enzymes  in  foods  are  released 
when  foods  are  cracked,  cut,  broken, 
or  bruised,  or  stored  at  warm 
temperatures.  These  special  enzymes 
are  designed  to  decompose  the  food 
for  recycling,  so  are  harmful  to  the 
body.  Also,  enzymes  in  overripe  fruit 
and  wilted  vegetables  are  no  longer 
nourishing,  but  harmful. 

Over-ripe  fruit,  or  fruit  with  spoilage 
spots,  should  be  discarded 

Wilted  vegetables  should  not  be  used. 


"Without  enzymes,  seeds  could  not  sprout.  .  .  leaves  could  not  change  their 
color  in  autumn. . .  Without  enzymes,  your  food  could  not  be  digested  to  release 
valuable  vitamins,  minerals,  amino  acids  needed  to  keep  you  alive  and  healthy. 
In  addition,  we  can  see  the  action  of  enzymes  when  they  cause  the  ripening  of 
green  tomatoes  into  luscious  red  tomatoes.  .  .  Without  the  presence  and  action 
of  enzymes,  these  changes  could  not  be  made." 

J  ay  M.  Hoffman,  Ph.D.,  The  Missing  Link,  158,  159;  quoting  Carlson  Wade, 

Helping  Your  Health  with  Enzymes,  23 


123 


AIR 


Food  preparation  and  cooking  guidelines 

To  help  assure  utilization  of  all  the  nutrients  in  foods: 


Keep  chopping,  shredding,  and 
blending  of  foods  to  a  minimum,  as 
the  vitamin  and  enzyme  content  is 
reduced  when  food  particles  are 
exposed  to  oxygen. 

Never  peel,  scrape,  or  pare,  when  a 
scrubbing  brush  will  do. 

Never  use  soda  in  cooking  vegetables 
to  keep  them  green.  It  destroys 
vitamins  and  enzymes. 


Use  cooking  liquids 
obtain  the  minerals. 


elsewhere  to 


Since  heat  destroys  enzymes 
some  vitamins,  it  is  best  to: 


and 


in 


Cook 
possible, 
possible. 


as  short  a  time  as 
in  as  little  liquid  as 


This  applies  to  corn-on-the-cob  and 
pasta  as  well  as  other  foods.  Steamed 
corn  has  a  much  richer  flavor  than 
boiled  corn  covered  with  water  while 
cooking.  Whole  grain  pasta  should  be 
cooked  in  just  enough  liquid  to  cook 
it  without  burning,  and  the  remain- 
ing liquid  used  as  part  of  the  sauce. 


But  not  all  foods  can  be  eaten  raw! 


Foods,  such  as  grains  and  legumes, 
need  to  be  well  cooked,  or  sprouted, 
to  make  the  nutrients  available  to  the 
body.  Potatoes  also  should  be  cooked. 


Other  foods,  such  as  fruits  and  most 
vegetables,  may  be  used  cooked  or 
raw.  To  optimize  on  available  vitamins 
and  enzymes,  use  a  high  percentage  of 
raw  foods. 


Fresh,  raw,  foods  are  more  satisfying  than  cooked  foods.  The  "satisfaction 
point"  is  reached  with  a  lesser  quantity  of  raw  foods,  than  of  the  same  food  that 
has  been  cooked  or  refined.  Such  as, 


You  might  be  satisfied  with  a  medium- 
sized  apple  during  a  meal,  yet  feel  like 
eating  two  or  three  apples  in  the  form 
of  applesauce  before  being  satisfied. 


You  might  be  satisfied  with  one  slice 
of  whole-grain  bread  during  a  meal, 


but  need  to  eat  2  or  3  slices  of  white, 
"balloon"  bread  before  being  satisfied. 


Remember,  unrefined  whole  foods 
sustain  a  more  even  energy  level  for  a 
longer  period  of  time  than  do  refined, 
processed  foods. 


(6  124 


AIR 


BREAD  MAKING 


"Bread  is  the  real  staff  of  life,  and  therefore  every  cook  should  excel  in 

making  it."  Ellen  G.  White,  Counsels  on  Diet  and  Foods,  315 


Principles  for  making  bread  the  real  "staff  of  life" 


Whole  grains  make  the  most 
nutritious  breads.  Two  or  three 
different  grains  may  be  used  together 
for  added  nutrition  and  variety.  Small 
amounts  of  unbleached  white  flour  or 
gluten  flour,  may  be  used  for  good 
texture,  especially  while  learning  to 
bake  bread.  However,  with  a  little 
practice  excellent  breads  can  be  made 
using  whole  grains  only. 

No  sourness  should  be  permitted  in 
yeast  breads.  The  loaves  should  be 
small,  and  baked  until  thoroughly 
done.  The  yeast  should  be  completely 
destroyed  in  the  baking  process.  If  it 
has  not  been  destroyed,  the  bread  will 
develop  a  stickiness  and  yeasty  smell, 


Hot  or  new  yeast-leavened  breads  are 
difficult  to  digest  and  should  not  be 
used.  Yeast  breads  should  be 
thoroughly  cooled  before  using  them. 
Bread  is  better  when  two  or  three 
days  old.  Gases  from  the  growth  of 
yeast  must  be  allowed  to  escape,  and 
the  texture  firms  when  the  bread  is 
well  cooled.  There  should  be  no 
softness  nor  stickiness  in  the  finished 
product.  It  should  be  light,  sweet,  and 
dry.  Unleavened  breads  may  be  used 
fresh  from  the  oven. 

Zwieback,  (twice-baked  bread),  is  an 
excellent  food.  It  digests  easily.  Toast 
slices  of  bread  all  the  way  through  in  a 
warm  oven  to  a  very  light  brown. 


Tip  for  handling  yeast  dough 

Dip  fingers  in  water,  and  spread  water 
over  palms  of  hands.  This  will  keep 
dough  from  sticking  to  hands  while 


forming  loaves  and  buns.  Water  works 
better  for  this  than  oil. 


Bread  making  is  an  art— well  worth  the  effort  to  master! 


Do  try  some  of  the  bread  recipes  with 
this  lesson,  both  the  unleavened  and 
yeast  breads.  The  flavor  of  unleavened 
breads  made  without  soda  or  baking 
powder   is  superior   to   those  made 


with  these  products,  and  there  are  no 
harmful  residues  in  the  finished 
products.  Whole  grain  flours  make 
delicious  breads,  rolls,  muffins,  and 
crackers. 


(£  125 


AIR 


LUNGS  AND  RESPIRATION 


"The  health  of  the  entire  system  depends  upon  the  healthy  action  of  the 

respiratory  Organs."  Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful  Living,  171 


"Morning  exercise,  walking  in  the  free,  invigorating  air  of  heaven,  or 
cultivating  flowers,  small  fruits,  and  vegetables,  is  necessary  to  a  healthful 
circulation  of  the  blood.  It  is  the  surest  safeguard  against 

colds,  coughs, 

congestion  of  the  brain, 

inflammation  of  the  liver,  the  kidneys,  and  the  lungs, 

and  a  hundred  other  diseases.  ibid.  176, 177 


"No  part  of  the  body  is  more 
susceptible  of  development  by 
judicious  and  appropriate  exercise 
than  the  lungs.  The  amount  of  air 
which  passes  to  and  fro  in  the 
respiratory  process  is  ordinarily  but 
about  two-thirds  of  a  pint;  and  in 
cases  of  disease  is  much  less,  often 
being  reduced  to  less  than  a  third  of 
this  amount.  By  the  daily  exercise  of 
the  lungs  in  such  a  manner  as  to 
develop  the  chest,  the  breathing 
capacity  may  be  very  greatly 
increased.  We  have  frequently  seen 


the  chest  expanded  three  or  four 
inches  by  a  course  of  appropriate 
training.  One  of  the  best  exercises  for 
this  purpose  is  forced  respiration, 
which  consists  in  breathing  as  deeply 
as  possible,  making  strong  efforts  to 
fill  the  lungs,  and  emptying  them  as 
completely  as  possible.  This  exercise 
should  be  taken  slowly  from  five  to 
thirty  minutes  at  a  time,  and  should 
be  repeated  several  times  a  day." 

J.  H.  Kellogg,  M.D., 
The  Home  Book  of  Modern  Medicine,  720 


What  a  challenge! 

The  capacity  of  the  average  set  of  lungs  is  about  6  pints  of  air.  If  in  each 
inspiration  only  a  little  less  than  a  pint  of  air  is  exchanged,  a  large  amount  of 
stale  air  remains  in  the  lungs.  Reason  enough  to  start  a  lung  exercising 
program  to  expand  the  lungs  (and  chest),  and  improve  the  oxygen  supply  to 
every  body  cell! 


(6  126 


AIR 


The  equipment 

The  lungs,  together  with  the  heart, 
occupy  the  chest  cavity.  Air  passes 
thru  the  trachea,  which  divides  in  the 
chest  into  two  branches,  the 
bronchial  tubes,  one  going  to  each 
lung.  These  tubes  continue  to 
subdivide,  ending  in  myriads  of  tiny 
air  sacs  known  as  alveoli,  which  are 
covered  with  tiny  capillaries. 

Air  is  not  forced  into  the  lungs,  it 
simply  rushes  in  when  the  diaphragm 
is  depressed  and  the  rib  cage  is 
expanded.  It  enters  when  room  is 
made  for  it.  Air  is  expelled  when  the 
diaphragm  relaxes  and  the  elastic 
lungs  recoil  to  their  normal, 
undistended  position.  Many  people 
use  only  the  lower,  or  upper,  portions 
of  the  lungs  in  breathing.  Good 
breathing  habits  keep  the  diaphragm 
involved,  using  the  whole  lungs  with 
each  inspiration.  This  is  known  as 
abdominal  breathing. 


The  whole  respiratory  tract  is  lined 
with  a  special  mucous  membrane  with 
minute,  delicate,  hairlike  projections 
called  cilia.  These  are  in  constant 
motion,  always  waving  in  the  same 
direction, —  towards  the  mouth.  Their 
work  is  to  protect  the  lungs  from  dust 
that  slips  past  the  large  hairs  near  the 
front  of  the  nose,  by  sweeping  it  up 
the  air  passages  to  the  mouth.  But 
even  the  cilia  will  not  be  able  to 
remove  all  the  dust  from  the  air  we 
breath  if  we  feed  our  lungs  "dirty"  air. 
We  should  be  as  careful  to  have  clean 
air  to  breath,  as  we  are  to  have  clean 
food  to  eat. 

The  mucous  membrane  keeps  the  air 
moist  that  is  to  reach  the  delicate 
alveoli;  also,  it  warms  cold  air,  and 
cools  hot  air,  on  its  way  to  the  lungs. 
Extremes  in  air  temperature, 
especially  if  dry,  could  do  much  harm. 


The  very  important,  but  very  delicate  alveoli. 


Membranes  surrounding  these  tiny  air 
sacs,  and  the  surrounding  capillaries, 
must  be  extremely  thin  to  permit  a 
ready  exchange  of  oxygen  and  carbon 
dioxide.  They  are!  These  membranes 
are  about  as  thick  as  a  soap  bubble  just 
before  it  bursts. 

Though  tiny  and  fragile,  the  alveoli 
are  numerous.  It  has  been  estimated 
that  a  set  of  lungs  has  about  300 
million  of  them.  If  they  were  spread 
out  flat  they  would  cover  an  area 
nearly  40    times  the  surface  area  of 


the  skin,  or  about  70  square  meters!  A 
wise  provision  to  assure  an  ample 
supply  of  oxygen  for  various  activities. 

As  red  blood  cells  slip  through  lung 
capillaries  they  give  up  their  load  of 
carbon  dioxide  to  be  exhaled,  and 
take  on  a  fresh  load  of  oxygen  to  be 
released  through  body  capillaries  for 
use  in  body  cells.  Blood  loaded  with 
carbon  dioxide  is  a  bluish  purple;  as  it 
gives  up  its  load  of  wastes  and  takes 
on  fresh  supplies  of  oxygen  it  turns  a 
bright  cherry-red  color. 


Check  the  natural  color  of  your  fingernails.  Are  they  a  bright  pink?  If  not,  go  for 
a  brisk  walk,  and  notice  the  change  in  color. 


127 


AIR 


A  bit  of  information  and  summary 


"When  the  oxygen  is  cut  off  from 
normal  cells,  they  are  damaged,  to  the 
extent  that  they  are  no  longer  able  to 
burn  foodstuffs  down  to  carbon 
dioxide  and  water,  because  oxygen  is 
needed  for  this  reaction.  The  cells 
then  have  to  depend  upon  the  energy 
obtained  from  metabolizing  sugar  to 
lactic  acid,  which  does  not  supply 
adequate  energy  to  maintain  normal 
structure  and  function.  As  a  result,  the 
cell  turns  cancerous." 

Zane  R.  Kime,  M.D.,  M.S.,  Sunlight,  96 


Did  you  notice  this  last  reference? 
Normal,  healthy,  cells  may  turn  into 
cancer  cells  when  the  oxygen  supply 
is  reduced.  Cancer  cells  grow  in  a 
system  that  has  toxic  wastes  and  has  a 
poor  supply  of  oxygen! 


(Review  the  metabolism  of  cells  under 
Fats  in  Lesson  4.) 


Hindrances  to  supplying  oxygen  to  cells 

Poor  breathing  habits  and  /or  posture. 


Poorly  ventilated  room(s),  and/or  air 
pollution. 

Clumping  of  blood  cells  caused  by  free 
fats/oils  in  diet. 

High  concentration  of  sugar  or  poly- 
mers  in   the   blood,    inhibiting  red 


blood  cells  from  carrying  normal  loads 
of  oxygen.  (Review  Lesson  4,  Heart 
and  Circulation.) 

Atherosclerotic  arteries.  (Review 
Lesson  4  on  Fats) 

Other  toxins  or  wastes  in  the  blood- 
stream. 


Essentials  for  a  good  supply  of  oxygen  to  each  cell  in  the  body 

A  good  supply  of  clean,  fresh,  air.  Adequate  exercise  to  encourage  deep 

breathing,  and  to  move  the  oxygen  out 
A   clean,    free-flowing    bloodstream,     to  body  cells,  even  "remote"  ones, 
flowing  through  clean  arteries. 

Remember,  "Perfect  health  depends  upon  perfect  circulation." 

Ellen  G  White,  Healthful  Living,  178 


Are  your  lungs  able  to  supply  your  need  for  oxygen,—  unhampered? 

Stand  tall,  and  sit  tall. 

Throw  your  shoulders  back,  and 


(6  128 


REST 


Make  room  for  your  lungs  to  work! 

REST. . . 

A  Restorer 


Sleep,-  a  Restorer  of  Vigor  and  Strength 

Nature  will  restore  their  vigor  and  strength  in  their  sleeping  hours,  if  her  laws 
are  not  Violated.  Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful  Living 

46 


"Misuse  of  the  body  shortens  that  period  of  time  which  God  designs  shall 
be  used  in  his  service. 

By  allowing  ourselves  to  form  wrong  habits, 
by  keeping  late  hours, 

by  gratifying  appetite  at  the  expense  of  health, 
we  lay  the  foundation  for  feebleness. 

By  neglecting  to  take  physical  exercise, 
by  overworking  mind  or  body, 
we  unbalance  the  nervous  system. 

Those  who  thus  shorten  their  lives  by  disregarding  nature's  laws,  are 
guilty  of  robbery  before  God."  ibid.  47 


What  is  rest?  Webster  says: 

"The  refreshing  quiet  or  repose  of       "Relief  or  freedom,  especially  from 
sleep;  trouble,  anxiety,  etc.; 

"Refreshing  ease  or  inactivity  after       "A  period  or  interval  of  inactivity, 
exertion  or  labor;  repose,  solitude,  or  tranquility; 

"Mental  or  spiritual  calm;  tranquility       "Cessation  or  absence  of  motion." 

Come  unto  me,  all  ye  that  labour  and  are  heavy  laden,  and  I  will  give  you 
rest.  Take  my  yoke  upon  you,  and  learn  of  me;  for  I  am  meek  and  lowly 
in  heart:  and  ye  shall  find  rest  unto  your  souls.  Matthew  1 1:28,29 

Rest, —  or  stress  a  destroyer? 


1]  129 


M.WSSH  WM<S>M  TMS  TMSM    ©IP  ILim 
Vegetarian, Whole  Foods.Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


'The  burden  of  sin,  with  its  unrest  and  unsatisfied  desires,  lies  at  the  very 
foundation  of  a  large  share  of  the  maladies  the  sinner  suffers."  ibid,  si 


7  130 


ttM£MBS5  MK®M  TMM  ITWiSS    @S'  MIPS 
Vegetarian, Whole  Foods.Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


The  search  for  rest 


Every  human  being  is  searching  for 
true  rest.  Many  spend  large  sums  of 
money  to  travel  to  distant  lands, 
thinking  that  this  will  bring  rest; 
some  look  for  new  employment;  some 
try  drowning  their  troubles  in  drink, 
or  in  excitement;  and  some  may  even 
leave  a  devoted  spouse  in  search  of 
another  mate,  thinking  this  will  bring 
happiness  and  rest.  But  they  may  still 
have  that  unsatisfied  longing  for  rest. 
True  rest  begins  with  taking  on  the 
yoke  of  the  One  who  invites  us  to 
"Come  unto  Me,  .  .  .  and  I  will  give  you 
rest."  And,  in  taking  on  His  yoke 
(total  surrender),  we  find  that  free- 
dom and  rest  that  we  long  for! 


A  day  of  rest 

Our  loving  Creator  established  the 
seventh  day  of  the  week  as  a  day  of 
rest  to  meet  our  basic  need  for 
recurring  periods  of  rest.  Ten-day 
cycles  have  been  tried;  but  they  failed, 
as  they  did  not  synchronize  with  the 
needs  of  humanity.  The  weekly  day  of 
rest  is  a  physiological  necessity  for 
maintaining     physical     and  mental 


The  greatest  Teacher  the  world  has 
ever  known  also  said,  "Come  ye 
yourselves  apart  into  a  desert  place, 
and  rest  a  while."  Mark  6:31  He  did 
not  spend  this  time  with  his  disciples 
in  self-indulgent  rest.  Removed  from 
the  multitudes  constantly  pressing 
about  them,  they  talked  about  their 
work,  and  of  ways  of  bringing  greater 
efficiency  to  it. 

He  taught  the  need  for  "quiet  time," 
for  getting  away  from  the  pressures  of 
everyday  life.  We  need  some  rest  on  a 
daily  basis,  some  special  time  on  a 
weekly  basis,  as  well  as  other  blocks 
of  time, —  time  spent  away  from  the 
general  routines  of  life. 


efficiency,  as  well  as  being  a  religious 
privilege  and  duty.  A  day  for  spiritual 
refreshing,  and  for  sharing  these 
blessings  with  others.  To  fully 
appreciate  this  day  of  rest,  one  must 
enjoy  rest  of  spirit.  See  Hebrews  3:4. 

Be  still,  and  know  that  I  am  God. 

Psalm  46: 10 


Restful  homes 

Those  who  are  at  peace  with  God  and 
themselves  will  have  restful  homes. 
Such  a  home  will  be  the  most 
attractive  place  in  the  world  for  its 


members,  and  will  have  an  influence 
for  good  in  the  community.  Homes 
that  will  be  "a  little  bit  of  heaven  to  go 
to  heaven  in." 


"If  we  will  open  our  hearts  and  homes  to  the  divine  principles  of  life,  we 
shall  become  channels  for  currents  of  life-giving  power.  From  our  homes 
will  flow  streams  of  healing,  bringing  life,  and  beauty,  and  fruitfulness 
where  now  are  barrenness  and  dearth."  Ellen  g.  white,  Ministry  of  Healing,  355 


7  131 


REST 


Enemies  of  rest 

Many  people  are  ever  searching  for 
something,  they  know  not  what,  to 
satisfy  ungratified  desires.  They  may 
try  hilarity,  or  frivolous,  exciting 
indulgences,  only  to  be  left  in  a  state 
of  despondency  and  discontentment 
as  these  activities  do  not  satisfy  nor 
bring  true  rest,  The  emotional  effect 
is  similar  to  the  physical  effect  of 
stimulants. 

True  rest  cannot  be  experienced 
when  a  person  is  anxious,  distrustful, 


discontented,  or  experiencing  grief, 
guilt,  or  remorse.  These  emotions 
have  a  tendency  to  break  down  the 
life  forces. 

Everyone  experiences  sorrows,  trials, 
and  difficulties,  but  many  "borrow" 
trouble  unnecessarily  by  anticipating 
it,  doubling  life's  burdens. 

See  Ellen  G.  White,  Ministry  of  Healing,  241-248 

Negative  emotions  affect  body  chem- 
istry, opening  the  door   to  disease. 


But  how  are  we  to  control  negative  emotions? 

First,  remember  that  the  Lord  said:   Without  Me,  ye  can  do  nothing     John  15:5 
Claim  the  promise:  J  can  do  all  things  through  Christ,  which  strengtheneth  me. 

Philippians  4:13 


Health  is  promoted  by  courage,  hope, 
faith,  sympathy,  and  love, —  and  life  is 
prolonged.  So,  with  His  help,  keep 
the  mind  fixed  on  cheerful  things. 
There  is  but  one  Source  for  abiding 


peace  and  true  rest  of  spirit, —  the 
One  who  said,  "Come  unto  Me,  .  .  . 
and  I  will  give  you  rest. " 

Ibid 


Second,  as  we  learn  to  cooperate  with  Him,  we  will  "Choose  something 
better,"  and  engage  only  in  activities  that  will  not  hinder  us  in  controlling  the 
emotions,  such  as: 


Types  of  activities  engaged  in. 
Amusements,  and  other  excit- 
ing activities  are  not  restful. 

Choice  of  reading  or  viewing 
materials. 


Choice  of  foods  and  lifestyle. 
The  diet,  as  well  as  other  health 
habits  have  much  to  do  with  our 
ability  to  maintain  control. 
Practicing  the  eight  true 
remedies  will  aid  in  this  work. 


True  recreation  is  re-creation. 
Exercising  the  nerves  of  motion  gives  the  nerves  of  emotion  a  rest. 


A  healthy  mind  is  very  dependent  on 
good  nutrition,  an  adequate  oxygen 
supply,  and  a  clean  bloodstream.  On 
the  other  hand,  a  restful,  tranquil, 


mind  has  much  to  do  with  good 
nutrition  and  health  of  the  body.  The 
organs  of  digestion  and  assimilation  of 
food  cannot  function  properly  when 


U  132 


JlMygyWmm  MS@ffl  TME  TMES    @S'  MIPS 
Vegetarian,  Whole  Foods,Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


under  the  influence  of  a  disturbed  mind. 


T  133 


Vegetarian, Whole  Foods.Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


Stress,  or  challenge? 

Stressful  situations  are  experienced 
by  everyone,  some  more  than  others. 
But  some  people  may  thrive  under 
pressures  that  would  break  another 
person.  What  makes  the  difference? 
Individuals  in  good  health  with  a 
positive  outlook  on  life  can  meet  life's 
challenges  successfully,  whereas  a 
person  in  poor  health  and/or 
depressed  in  spirit  will  not  be  able  to 
endure.  Physical  health,  mental  atti- 
tude, and  lifestyle  habits,  have  much 
to  do  with  whether  difficult  situations 
are  stressful,  or  challenges. 

Body  and  mind  were  created  for 
activity,  but  it  is  possible  to  over-tax 
them.  However,  stress  usually  stems 
from  an  attitude  problem,  such  as 
boredom,  anxiety,  frustration,  "root  of 
bitterness,"  depression,  or  a  sense  of 
failure, —  seldom  from  overwork. 

Some  aids  to  dealing  with  pressures 
are:  plan  and  organize  your  work  and 
time  to  accomplish  necessary  tasks; 
use  small  bits  of  time  wisely;  don't  try 
to  do  more  than  you  can  do. 


Almost  any  job  or  task  can  become 
routine  and  boring,  but  a  little 
initiative  and  imagination  can  keep 
the  task  interesting.  Try  to  find  ways 
to  do  it  better,  to  improve  your  skills 
while  accomplishing  your  work. 

When  under  pressure  take  an  exercise 
break,  and/or  take  two  or  three 
minutes  to  relax  with  eyes  shut. 

We  can  have  inner  peace  regardless  of 
circumstances.  If  we  accept  the 
invitation  to  "Come  unto  Me,"  and  we 
take  His  yoke  upon  us,  we  will  be  able 
to  bear  life's  trials.  He  gives  us  grace 
and  strength  sufficient  for  each  day's 
needs,  and  will  bear  our  burdens  if  we 
cast  them  upon  Him.  He  has  promised 
not  to  permit  us  to  be  "tempted 
[tested]  above  that  ye  are  able." 

I  Corinthians  10:13 

Cast  thy  burden  upon  the  Lord,  and  he 
shall  sustain  thee.  Psalm  55:22 

I  will  instruct  thee  and  teach  thee  in 
the  way  which  thou  shalt  go:  I  will 
guide  thee  with  mine  eye.       Psalm  32:  8 


Rest  may  be  found  in 

Study  and  reading  good  books  can  be 
restful  to  the  muscle  worker. 

Useful  Activities,  as  gardening  or  yard 
work,  relax  the  nerves  and  are  restful 
for  the  sedentary  mind-worker. 

A  change  from  the  daily  routine. 
Vacations  should  be  restful,  and  will 
be,  if  unhurried,  and  taken  in  restful 
surroundings  with  an  abundance  of 
fresh  air  and  sunshine,  or  even  rain! 


Walking,  is  an  excellent  remedy  for 
tired  nerves. 

"One    of   the    finest    ways  to 
relieve  tension  is  walking. 

"...  A  walk  in  the  evening  is  far 
more  sensible  than  taking 
sleeping  pills.  And,  we  might 
add,  it  is  more  relaxing." 

Clifford  R.  Anderson,  M.D., 
Modern  Ways  to  Health,,  pp  472,  473 


T  134 


Vegetarian, Whole  Foods.Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


Freedom  from  the  burden  of  sin  brings  true  rest,  and  is  essential  for  health  of 
body  and  mind, —  and  for  freedom  from  stress. 


7  135 


REST 


Sleep.  .  . 

Regular,  adequate,  time  must  be  included  in  the  daily  program  for  sleep. 


Periods  of  relaxation,  rest,  and  sleep 
are  necessary  to  permit  the  body  to 
restore  itself  to  a  normal  condition. 
Dr.  Manning  Clark  said: 

"Everything  in  animal  life  requires, 
among  other  fundamentals,  that  there 
be  exercise  and  rest  following  each 
other  in  regular  order;  and  anything 
that  disturbs  the  proper  relation  or 
proportion  between  them  disturbs  the 
health  and  efficiency.  For  example, 
the  brain  cell,  after  a  day's  work, 
becomes  exhausted;  but  after  a  night 
in  sleep  it  is  refreshed  and  ready  to 
resume  its  normal  work." 

R.  Manning  Clarke,  M.D., 
Signs  of  the  Times,  February  12,  1924,.  Quoted  by 
Jay  M.  Hoffman,  Ph.D.  The  Missing  Link,  299; 

"The  purpose  of  sleep  is  to  repair 
losses  and  damage  caused  by  work. 
During  our  waking  hours,  we  eat  as 
well  as  work;  that  is,  we  both 
consume  and  replenish  our  stores  of 
energy.  But  the  energy  we  take  in  as 
food  is  not  available  for  use  until  it  has 
been  deposited  to  become  a  part  of 


the  living  cells.  Food  in  the  stomach, 
even  food  in  the  blood  and  body  fluids, 
does  not  add  to  our  store  of  energy 
until  it  becomes  a  part  of  the  body 
[cells].  After  being  digested,  it  must 
be  assimilated;  this  work  is  largely 
done  during  sleep.  When  we  are 
awake  and  active,  the  output  of  energy 
is  greater  than  the  income,  but  during 
sleep,  the  relation  is  reversed. 
Energy  is  deposited  in  the  cells  more 
rapidly  than  it  is  expended;  it  is 
stored  in  the  cells  in  the  form  of 
granules  which  may  be  seen  with  the 
microscope.  When  the  cell  is  fully 
rested,  it  is  well  filled  with  minute 
energy  granules.  A  tired  cell  shows 
the  granules  greatly  reduced  in 
number. 


"Every  nerve  center — every  cell,  in 
fact — is  a  storage  battery.  Work 
discharges  the  battery.  During  sleep, 
the  battery  is  recharged.  This  is  not  a 
metaphor,  but  an  actual  physical  fact." 

Jay  M.  Hoffman,  Ph.D.,  The  Missing  Link,  303,  304 


Sleep  deprivation  not  only  weakens  the  body,  but  it  also  adversely  affects 
mental  abilities. 


Many  try  to  accomplish  more  in  a 
given  time  than  they  should  try  to  do, 
when  their  judgment  tells  them  that 
they  should  rest.  They  are  living  on 
borrowed  capital,  and  often  lose  more 
than  they  gain.  They  work  on  nervous 
excitement  when  their  energies  have 
been  exhausted.  No  immediate  injury 


may  be  realized,  but  these  habits 
undermine  the  constitution. 

The  reserve  energy  should  not  be 
recklessly  exhausted  through  over- 
taxation. Those  who  do  this  may  be 
the  losers.  Their  usefulness  may  be 
lessened,  if  life  itself  is  not  destroyed. 


H  136 


ttM£MBS5  MK®M  TMM  ITWiSS    @S'  MIPS 
Vegetarian, Whole  Foods.Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


How  much  sleep  do  I  need? 


The  average  need  is  7  to  9  hours  of 
each  24  hours. 

Body  temperature,  and  with  it  vitality, 
drops  to  a  daily  low  about  2:00  a.m., 
rising  slightly  during  waking  hours. 

Several  hours  of  sleep  to  replenish 
energy  reserves  are  needed  before 
this  "low  ebb"  in  body  metabolism. 
Two  hours  of  sleep  before  midnight 
are   worth    4   hours   of  sleep  after 


midnight.  It  aids  in  restoring  body 
reserves  before  the  critical  low  ebb. 

With  enough  sleep  you  should  awaken 
refreshed,  without  the  aid  of  an  alarm 
clock  or  other  awakening  device. 

The  use  of  sleeping  pills  should  be 
avoided.  Drugged  sleep  often  leaves  a 
person  fatigued  and  irritable,  with 
impaired  vitality  and  initiative 

(SeeM.  G.  Hardinge,  M.D.,  Medical  Evangelism,,  62; 
referencing  V.  G.  Heiser,  Toughen  Up,  America!,  112) 


Some  hindrances  to  true  rest  and  sleep 


Carelessness  in  allowing  adequate 
time  for  rest  and  sleep. 

Stress,  excitement,  tensions,  worry, 
anger, —  "root  of  bitterness." 

A  merry  heart  doeth  good  like  a 
medicine:    but  a  broken  spirit 

drieth  the  bones.         Proverbs  1 7 :22 

Stimulants,  such  as  tea,  coffee,  and 
cola  drinks,  that  do  not  nourish,  but 
only  whip  the  body  on  to  more 
activity,  when  it  may  be  calling  for 
rest.  (Review  Stimulants,  Lesson  5.) 


A  late  meal,  or  bedtime  snack.  This 
may  at  first  cause  a  person  to  feel 
sleepy,  as  blood  is  drawn  away  from 
the  brain  to  the  stomach.  However, 
food  remaining  in  the  stomach  during 
sleeping  hours  prevents  sound,  restful 
sleep. 

Lack  of  vigorous  exercise: 

The  sleep  of  a  labouring  man  is 
sweet,  whether  he  eat  little  or 
much:  but  the  abundance  of  the 
rich  will  not  suffer  him  to  sleep. 

Ecclesiastes  5:12 


Tips  for  restful  sleep 

Be  sure  the  stomach  is  through  with 
its  work  well  before  bedtime. 

Do  not  engage  in  heavy  physical  nor 
mental  activity  just  before  bedtime. 
Relax. 

Take  a  leisurely  stroll  in  the  evening. 


Take  a  warm  or  tepid  bath  just  before 
retiring. 

Assure  an  ample  supply  of  fresh  air  in 
the  bedroom,  summer  and  winter. 
Better  yet,  sleep  outdoors  if  possible! 
Sleep,  with  an  abundance  of  fresh  air, 
is  more  refreshing. 


7 


137 


REST 


TEEN  NEEDS 


Help  them  choose  something  better 


Many  chronic  diseases  begin  in  childhood  and  youth,  as  the  result  of  poor 
dietary  and  other  lifestyle  habits.  Scholastic  achievements  may  be  hampered 
from  a  lack  of  good  nutrition,  and  failure  to  practice  general  good  health  habits. 


American  children  and  adolescents 
generally  eat  fast  foods  and/or  snack 
foods  such  as  hamburgers,  cheese- 
burgers, french  fries,  pizza,  chips, 
soda  pop,  candy  bars,  and  ice  cream. 
These  "foods"  are  high  in  fat,  sugar, 
and  salt,  and  low  in  fiber.  Fruits, 
vegetables,  and  whole  grain  foods  are 
seldom  included  in  their  diet. 

Some  food  manufacturers  promote 
the  sale  of  their  products  with  adver- 
tisements directed  to  children  and 
youth  who  are  easily  convinced  that 
they  must  eat  the  product  advertised. 
Most  of  them  are  unaware  of  the 
results  of  their  dietary  choices. 

Dr.  Craig  comments  about  some  of 
these  "foods":  "The  cereal  manufac- 
turers seem  to  do  a  very  good  job  of 
packaging  wheat,  rice  and  corn  as 
candy!  Some  contain  about  3-4  tea- 


spoons of  sugar  per  one  ounce 
serving! 

"The  refining  of  grains  takes  a  hefty 
toll  of  vitamins  and  trace  minerals, 
with  about  70%  of  micronutrients 
typically  being  lost  during  refining. 
However,  many  of  the  manufacturers 
add  a  whole  gamut  of  vitamins  and 
minerals  so  that  the  breakfast  cereal 
actually  becomes  more  like  a  food 
supplement.  In  fact,  some  have 
described  the  cereals  like  Total  and 
Product  19  as  flaky,  crunchy,  toasted 
vitamin  pills!  Why  such  a  description? 
Because  one  serving  of  the  cereal 
contains  100%  of  the  RDA  for  all  of 
the  added  vitamins  and  minerals.  It 
should  be  noted,  however,  that  none 
of  the  trace  minerals  lost  during 
refining  are  replaced." 

Winston  J.  Craig,  ,  Ph.  D.,  R.D., 
Nutrition  for  the  Nineties,  249-250 


What  can  be  done  about 

Parents  should  set  a  good  example  by 
practicing  the  eight  true  remedies, 

and  they  should  teach  their  children 
the  benefits  of  a  healthy  lifestyle, 
encouraging  them  to  "choose  some- 
thing better."  Children  should  under- 
stand the  benefits  to  be  derived  from 
a  nutritious  diet,  and  the  results  of  a 
poor  diet.  This  instruction  should  be 
given  in  a  cheerful,  positive  manner. 
Children  and  youth  who  have  adopted 


the  problem? 

a  healthy  lifestyle  have  been  delighted 
with  their  increased  energy  and 
improved  scholastic  achievements. 

Establish  meal  patterns  to  meet  the 
needs  of  the  family,  and  assure  that 
adequate,  nourishing,  and  attractively 
served  foods  are  available  for  them. 
Prepare  lunches  for  students  in 
schools  that  do  not  provide  satisfac- 
tory lunches. 


Young  people,  and  the  young  in  heart,  will  enjoy  the  recipes  with  this  lesson. 

U  138 


ttM£MBS5  MK®M  TMM  ITWiSS    @S'  MIPS 
Vegetarian, Whole  Foods.Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


THE  IMMUNE  SYSTEM  AND  SELF-POISONING.  .  . 

Preparing  the  way  for  disease 

"Disease  never  comes  without  a  cause.  The  way  is  first  prepared,  and  disease 
invited  by  disregarding  the  laws  of  health."  Eiien  g.  white,  Healthful  Living,  60 


"If  physical  exercise  were  combined  with  mental  exertion, 
the  blood  would  be  quickened  in  its  circulation, 
the  action  of  the  heart  would  be  more  perfect, 
impure  matter  would  be  thrown  off,  and 

new  life  and  vigor  would  be  experienced  in  every  part  of  the  body.  .  .  . 

They  closely  apply  their  minds  to  books,  and  eat  the  allowance  of  a 
laboring  man.  Under  such  habits 

some  grow  corpulent,  because  the  system  is  clogged. 

Others  become  lean,  feeble,  and  weak,  because  their  vital  powers 
are  exhausted  in  throwing  off  the  excess  of  food; 

the  liver  becomes  burdened  and  unable  to  throw  off  the 
impurities  in  the  blood,  and  sickness  is  the  result." 

Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful  Living,  207 


And  said,  If  thou  wilt  diligently  hearken  to  the  voice  of  the  Lord  thy  God, 
and  wilt  do  that  which  is  right  in  his  sight,  and  wilt  give  ear  to  his 
commandments,  and  keep  all  his  statutes,  I  will  put  none  of  these 
diseases  upon  thee,  which  I  have  brought  upon  the  Egyptians:  for  I  am 
the  Lord  that  healeth  thee.  Exodus  15:26 


Some  of  the  effects  of  poor  dietary 
and  general  health  habits  have  already 
been  presented  in  these  lessons.  It  is 
apparent  that  choices  made  at  the 
dining  table,  and  the  general  lifestyle 
habits,  determine  how  well  the 
system,  and  each  individual  cell,  will 
function.  These  choices  can  make  the 


difference  between  health  and 
disease, —  between  a  full,  enjoyable 
life,  or  one  hampered  by  disease  and 
suffering.  It  is  never  too  late  to  begin 
practicing  a  lifestyle  that  will  promote 
better  health.  The  degree  of  improve- 
ment will  depend  on  the  ability  of  the 
body  to  respond. 


T  139 


REST 


Self-poisoning  is  the  accumulation  of 
wastes  from  normal  metabolism 
because  of  poor  elimination  through 
kidneys,  bowel,  lungs,  or  skin;  wastes 
from  improper  metabolism  due  to 
poor  nutrition  and/or  health  habits; 
and/or    from    poisonous  substances 


taken  into  the  body.  These  conditions 
promote  both  degenerative  and  conta- 
gious diseases,  since  the  immune 
system  is  weakened  in  the  process. 

Good  health  depends  on  a  clean,  free- 
flowing  bloodstream. 


Failure  to  practice  any  one  of  the  eight  true  remedies  may  contribute  to  self- 
poisoning  and  weakening  of  the  immune  system,  such  as— 


The  use  of  depleted  foods,  or  an 
imbalance  of  nutrients  even  from  good 
foods,  clogs  the  system. 

Scanty,  impoverished,  ill-cooked  food 
depraves  the  blood  by  weakening  the 
blood-making  organs.  Also,  rich  and 
complicated  mixtures  destroy  health. 

Flesh  meats  make  a  poor  quality  of 
blood,  and  create  feverish  conditions 
in  the  system,  planting  the  seeds  of 
disease  in  the  blood  and  tissues. 

Eating  too  frequently,  too  many 
varieties  at  one  time,  and/or  too  large 
quantities  of  food,  overtaxes  the 
digestive  organs.  The  food  may 
ferment  and  fill  the  system  with  toxic 
substances,  which  may  bring  on  acute 
disease,  and  sometimes  death. 

Harmful  substances,  if  used,  add  their 
poisons  to  the  system. 

Vital  exchanges  may  fail  to  take  place 
in  body  cells  for  lack  of  exercise 
and/or  sufficient  oxygen. 


Failure  to  use  enough  water,  inside 
and  outside.  Impurities  eliminated 
through  the  pores  of  the  skin  will  be 
absorbed  if  the  skin  and  clothing  are 
not  frequently  cleansed.  The  body's 
effort  to  again  throw  off  these  impuri- 
ties produces  fevers  and  disease. 

Breathing  the  same  air  over  and  over 
in  tightly  closed  buildings  is  another 
cause  of  disease.  Sore  throat,  lung 
diseases,  and  liver  complaints  are 
brought  on  by  breathing  impurities 
and  waste  matter  thrown  off  through 
the  lungs  and  pores  of  the  skin. 

The  immune  system  may  be 
depressed  for  lack  of  sunlight. 

Lack  of  adequate  rest  burdens  the  sys- 
tem with  wastes,  and  lowers  the 
resistance  to  disease. 

Depression,  gloominess,  and  sadness 
are  fruitful  causes  of  disease. 

Intemperance  of  any  kind  can  be  a 
contributing  factor. 


Remember,  all  body  wastes  should  be  eliminated  promptly  from  the  system  so 
that  body  cells  will  have  clean  surroundings  in  which  to  do  their  work.  This  will 
help  to  strengthen  the  immune  system,  and  to  prevent  self-poisoning. 


T  140 


LEAVES  FROM  THE  TREE  OF  LIFE 

Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


Many  diseases  result  from  nature's 
effort  to  eliminate  poisonous  wastes, 
and  rid  the  body  of  impurities. 

The  digestive  system  is  the  front  line 
of  defense.  If  the  body  is  well 
nourished,  and  the  other  eight  true 
remedies  are  practiced,  the  system 
should  function  as  well  as  possible, 
considering  inherited  weaknesses 
and/or  effects  of  earlier  practices. 
However,  a  compromised  "front  line" 
impairs  the  work  of  the  liver,  which 
in  turn  impairs  the  work  of  the 
kidneys,     lungs,  and  skin  in  their 


work  of  eliminating  wastes.  This 
places  an  extra  burden  on  the  heart  as 
it  tries  to  pump  more  blood  through 
these  organs  for  cleansing.  On  and  on 
the  domino  effect  goes! 

Poor  circulation  to  the  joints  and 
ligaments  results  in  damage  to 
cartilage  and  other  tissues.  Lack  of 
proper  nutrients  and  the  accumulated 
wastes  may  bring  on  rheumatism, 
arthritis,  bursitis,  neuralgia,  neuritis, 
hardening  of  the  arteries,  cancer,  and 
other  degenerative  diseases. 

See  Julius  Gilbert  White,  Abundant  Health,  119-139 


When  Dr.  Jay  M.  Hoffman  was  a  student  in  college  in  Takoma  Park,  Maryland, 
he  heard  a  lecture  by  Dr.  D.  H.  Kress  in  which  he  related  the  following: 


"Dr.  Alexis  Carrel  of  Rockefeller 
Institute,  winner  of  the  Nobel  Prize  in 
1912,  has  demonstrated  that  it  is 
possible  to  keep  tissue  alive  almost 
indefinitely  by  merely  keeping  it  free 
from  its  own  wastes  which  are 
poisonous  to  it,  and  supplying  it  with 
the  nutrients  it  needs.  A  chicken  dies 
normally  at  the  age  of  10  or  12  years. 
But  the  tissue  he  separated  from  the 
heart  of  a  chicken  18  years  ago  is  just 
as  much  alive  today  as  it  was  then.  It 
really  appears  as  though  he  will  be 
able  to  keep  it  alive  indefinitely." 

Jay  M.  Hoffman,  Ph.D.,  The  Missing  Link,  139,  140; 
Sanitarium  and  Hospital,  Takoma  Park,  Maryland. 


Years  later  when  Dr.  Hoffman  was 
living  in  New  York  he  called  the 
Rockefeller  Institute  to  find  out  if 
they  still  had  the  tissue  of  the 
chicken's  heart  that  they  were 
keeping  alive.  "They  said  no.  They 
kept  it  alive  from  1913  to  1947.  After 
34  years  they  were  convinced  that 
they  could  keep  it  alive  for  an  eternity 
so  they  threw  it  out.  How  were  they 
able  to  keep  it  alive?  By  keeping  it 
freed  from  its  own  wastes.  How  are 
we  to  keep  healthy?  By  keeping  our 
tissues  and  our  bloodstream  clean." 

from  a  lecture  by  Daniel  H  Kress,  at  Washington 


The  positive  side 

Practicing  the  eight  true  remedies 

through  God's  enabling  grace  is  a 
health  preserving,  health  restoring, 
pathway.  Lifestyles,  as  are  physical 
strengths   and  weaknesses,   may  be 


inherited.  But  lifestyles  can  be 
changed  for  the  better. 
Many  degenerative  diseases  have  been 
reversed  or  markedly  alleviated  by 
those  who  live  a  lifestyle  in  harmony 
with  the  laws  of  life  and  health.  A 


1  141 


REST 


healthy  body,  with  an  active  immune  infectious  diseases, 
system,  is  less  likely  to  be  invaded  by 


1  i 


REST 


THE  BRAIN  AND  NERVES 


"The  brain  is  the  capital  of  the  body, 

the  seat  of  all  the  nervous  forces  and  of  mental  action. 

The  nerves  proceeding  from  the  brain  control  the  body. 

By  the  brain  nerves,  mental  impressions  are  conveyed  to  all  the  nerves  of 
the  body  as  by  telegraph  wires;  and  they  control  the  vital  action  of  every 
part  of  the  system. 

All  the  organs  of  motion  are  governed  by  the  communications  they 

receive  from  the  brain."  Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful  Living  193 


Thou  wilt  keep  him  in  perfect  peace,  whose  mind  is  stayed  on  thee: 
because  he  trusteth  in  thee.  Isaiah  26:3 


"It  was  a  wonderful  thing  for  God  to 
create  man,  to  make  mind.  He 
created  him  that  every  faculty  might 
be  the  faculty  of  the  divine  mind.  .  . 
The  Lord  Jesus  is  the  author  of  our 
being,  and  he  is  also  the  author  of  our 
redemption;  and  every  one  who  will 
enter  the  kingdom  of  God  must 
develop  a  character  that  is  the 
counterpart  of  the  character  of  God." 

Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful  Living,  12 

Lifestyle  habits  of  eating,  sleeping, 
dressing,  working, —  of  living,  affect 
the  brain,  the  citadel  of  the  whole 
person.  The  harm  done  to  the  brain 


when  these  habits  are  not  in  harmony 
with  the  laws  of  health,  prevents  the 
attainment  in  life  of  that  which 
otherwise  would  have  been  possible. 
All  parts  of  the  body  are  in  constant 
communication  with  the  brain,  and 
notify  it  of  any  injury  done  to  them. 
Anything  that  disturbs  the  circulation 
of  the  electrical  currents  through  the 
nervous  system  is  harmful  to  the  body 
and  the  mind.  Cooperation  with  the 
laws  written  on  every  nerve  and  fibre 
of  our  being  promotes  health  of  body 
and  mind. 


'The  senses . . .  are  the  avenues  to  the  soul/  -  guard  them  well.     ibid.,  193 

U  143 


REST 


The  equipment 

The  brain  is  the  control  center,  or 
citadel  of  a  person. 

The  structure  of  the  nervous  system  is 

the  most  complex  and  delicate  of  any 
part  of  the  body.  The  entire  cranial 
cavity  is  filled  by  the  brain,  which  is 
made  up  of  untold  myriads  of  nerve 
cells  and  nerve  fibers, —  the  largest 
mass  of  nerve  tissue  in  the  body. 


Moment  by  moment  the  brain  is 
dependent  on  a  well-balanced  circu- 
lation of  blood,  blood  that  brings 
needed  nutrients,  oxygen,  and  other 
supplies,  and  removes  wastes.  It 
maintains  no  reserves.  It  uses  about 
20%  of  the  heart's  output  of  blood. 

Practicing  each  of  the  eight  true 
remedies  will  help  to  keep  the  mind 
active  and  vigorous. 


There  are  two  parts  to  a  nerve  cell;  nerve  body,  and  nerve  fibres.  The  fibre  is  a 
continuation  of  the  cells.  Ganglia  are  mini-communication  centers  of  grouped 
nerve  cells  in  central  parts  of  the  body.  Nerve  fibres,  grouped  in  bundles, 
ramify  to  every  part  of  the  body. 


Each  nerve  cell  has  its  own  function 
to  perform,  and  each  is  related  in 
some  way  to  all  the  others.  Every  part 
of  the  body  is  in  constant  communi- 
cation with  the  rest  of  the  body 
through    this    intricate    system  as 


electrical  impulses  travel  rapidly 
through  nerve  fibres.  (Chemicals,  or 
hormones,  that  travel  through  the 
blood  and  body  fluids  provide  another 
communication  system  in  the  body.) 


Three  major  structures  may  be  noted  in  the  human  brain,  the  forebrain  or 
cerebrum,  the  cerebellum,  and  the  brainstem. 


The  cerebrum  constitutes  by  far  the 
largest  part  of  the  forebrain.  It 
receives  impressions  sent  to  it  from 
the  spinal  cord  and  midbrain,  and 
acts  upon  the  information  received. 
The  ability  to  think,  to  reason,  to  see, 
to  come  to  conclusions,  and  to  listen 
to  the  voice  of  conscience,  is 
contained  in  the  cells  of  the  cerebral 
cortex  which  is  part  of  the  cerebrum. 
This  portion  of  the  brain,  which  is 
unique  to  humans,  enables  us  to 
communicate  with  other  people,  and 
with  our  Creator. 


The  cerebellum  is  closely  connected 
to  the  brainstem.  It  is  concerned  with 
muscular  coordination,  posture,  and 
balance. 

The  brainstem,  (upper  end  of  the 
spinal  chord).  carries  out  the 
automatic  functions,  controlling  the 
heart  rate,  blood  pressure,  and  depth 
and  rate  of  breathing,  among  many 
other  functions. 

The  spinal  cord  is  really  a 
continuation  of  the  brain  down 
through  the  spinal  canal. 


U  144 


REST 


Proper  training  and  use  of  the  mind 


"The  Bible  should  be  made  the  foundation  of  study  and  of  teaching.  The 
essential  knowledge  is  a  knowledge  of  God  and  of  Him  whom  He  has 

sent."  Ellen  G.  White,  Ministry  of  Healing,  401,  402 

"From  the  study  of  the  Word  of  life,  students  may  come  forth  with  minds 
expanded,  elevated,  ennobled."  ibid.  466 


The  plastic  young  minds  of  children 
should  be  encouraged  to  develop 
naturally.  A  child  should  be  taught  to 
observe  accurately  and  thoroughly, 
and  to  use  the  powers  of  reason.  Much 
can  be  taught  in  the  pre-school  years 
without  forcing  the  child  with  formal 
lessons.  The  alphabet  and  common 
words  can  be  taught,  many  lessons 
from  the  great  out-of-doors,  and  even 
history  can  be  told  in  the  form  of 
stories.  Lessons  can  also  be  taught 
through  useful  work,  from  life's 
experiences, —  and,  of  course,  from 
the  Scriptures. 

Young  people  should  be  taught  how  to 
think  and  study  to  the  best  advantage. 
As  stated  by  Dr.  Kellogg: 

"Students  should  be  thoroughly 
imbued  with  the  idea  that  the  object 
of  their  school  work  is  not  so  much  to 
impart  to  them  a  knowledge  of  facts, 
as  to  teach  them  how  to  acquire  facts, 
how  to  investigate,  how  to  compare, 
how  to  reason,  how  to  utilize  know- 
ledge after  it  has  been  acquired." 

J.  H.  Kellogg,  M.D.., 
The  Home  Book  of  Modern  Medicine,  163 

With  this  type  of  training  young 
people  will  be  prepared  to  use  their 


knowledge  to  practical  advantage,  and 
will  be  better  prepared  to  reason  from 
cause  to  effect,  and  to  make  right 
choices. 

Excitement,  whether  in  reading, 
viewing,  or  doing,  tends  to  unseat  the 
reasoning  powers.  However,  one  who 
will  "take  the  Bible  as  his  guide,  and 
stand  firm  for  principle,  .  .  .  may 
aspire  to  any  height  of  attainment." 
Like  Daniel,  "they  may  advance  as  he 
did  in  all  branches  of  learning.  Being 
pure-minded,  they  will  become 
strong-minded.  Every  intellectual 
faculty  will  be  quickened." 

Ellen  G.  White,  Ministry  of  Healing,  ,  465,  466 

With  the  ability  to  acquire  knowledge, 
to  investigate  and  reason,  and  to  use 
the  knowledge  acquired,  our  Creator 
also  gave  freedom  of  choice.  He 
respects  the  choices  made,  and  does 
not  force  the  will. 

We  may  choose  to  live  in  the  dark 
shadows  of  discouragement,  doubt, 
and  unbelief,  or  to  come  out  into  the 
sunshine  of  His  love,  and  to  drink 
deeply  from  the  fountain  of  His  grace. 
The  choice  is  ours. 

"Choose  something  better." 


1  i 


REST 


Is  mental  exercise  hazardous  to  health? 


"The  mind  does  not  wear  out  or  break  down  so  often  on  account  of 
diligent  employment  and  hard  study,  as  on  account  of  eating  improper 
food  at  improper  times,  and  of  careless  inattention  to  the  laws  of  health." 

"The  proper  exercise  of  mind  and  body  will  develop  and  strengthen  all 
the  powers.  Both  mind  and  body  will  be  preserved,  and  will  be  capable  of 

doing  a  variety  of  work."  Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful  Living,  198,  and  204 


Mental  exercise  lies  at  the  founda- 
tion for  mental  growth  and  mental 
health,  and  seems  also  to  furnish  a 
firmer  basis  for  muscular  and  general 
physical  health.  As  the  brain  grows  in 
strength  and  vigor  with  exercise,  it 
becomes  capable  of  sending  out  more 
vigorous  impulses  to  the  various  parts 
of  the  body  that  depend  on  it  for 
supplies  of  force.  The  more  vigorous 


the  brain,  the  more  vigorous  will  be 
the  force. 

Mental  work  should  not  break  down 
the  constitution,  as  many  believe. 
Those  who  break  down  under  a  study 
or  mental  (professional)  work 
program,  as  a  general  rule,  have 
violated  some,  or  most,  of  the  general 
laws  of  health. 


Dr.  Kellogg  presents  two  interesting  studies  of  brain  workers  and  longevity. 
One  of  these  studies  was  made  by  Dr.  Geo.  M.  Beard,  of  New  York,  of  500  of  the 
greatest  men  in  history,  including  men  like  Byron,  Raphael,  Pascal,  Mozart, 
Keats,  etc.,  who  died  comparatively  young.  The  study  focused  on  the  age  at 
which  these  people  did  their  most  productive  work;  it  also  showed  the  average 
age  to  be  64.2  years  at  death.  The  average  age  of  all  classes  who  lived  past  20  at 
the  time  the  study  was  made,  was  50  years.  Dr.  Beard  concluded: 


"  1 .  That  the  brain-working  classes, — 
clergymen,  lawyers,  physicians, 
merchants,  scientists,  and  men  of 
letters, —  live  very  much  longer 
than  the  muscle-working  class. 

"2.  That  those  who  follow 
occupations  that  call  both  muscle 
and  brain  into  exercise,  are 
longer-lived  than  those  who  live 
in  occupations  that  are  purely 
manual. 

"3.  That  the  greatest  and  hardest 
brain-workers    of    history  have 


lived  longer  on  the  average  than 
brain-workers  of  ordinary  ability 
and  industry. 

"4.  That  clergymen  are  longer-lived 
than  any  other  great  class  of 
brain- workers . " 


Another  study  of  sixty  more  recent 
brain- workers,  including  Franklin, 
Hayden,  Michael  Angelo,  and  Newton, 
showed  an  average  age  at  death  of  82. 

J.  H.  Kellogg,  M.D., 
The  Home  Book  of  Modem  Medicine,  159-161 


U  146 


Vegetarian, Whole  Foods.Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


TRUST.  .  . 


With  Praise 


'A  Cheerful,  Hopeful,  Peaceful,  Frame  of  Mind.' 


"We  should  encourage  a  cheerful,  hopeful,  peaceful  frame  of  mind;  for  our 

health  depends  upon  Our  SO  doing."  Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful  Living,  233 


And  he  hath  put  a  new  song  in  my  mouth,  even  praise  unto  our  God:  many 
shall  see  it  and  fear,  and  shall  trust  in  the  Lord.  Psalm  40:3 


"A  person  whose  mind  is  quiet  and 
satisfied  in  God,  is  in  the  pathway  to 
health."  ibid.  235 


'The  consciousness  of  right  doing  is 
the  best  medicine  for  diseased  bodies 
and  minds.  He  who  is  at  peace  with 
God  has  secured  the  most  important 
requisite  to  health.  The  blessing  of 
the  Lord  is  life  to  the  receiver." 

Ibid.  233 


8  147 


TRUST 


"The  harmonious,  healthy  action  of  all  the  powers  of  body  and  mind 
results  in  happiness;  the  more  elevated  and  refined  the  powers,  the  more 
pure  and  unalloyed  the  happiness. 

"The  mind  should  dwell  upon  themes  relating  to  our  eternal  interests. 
This  will  be  conducive  to  health  of  body  and  mind." 

Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful  Living,  3 1 

"A  contented  mind,  a  cheerful  spirit,  is  health  to  the  body  and  strength 
to  the  soul.  Nothing  is  so  fruitful  a  cause  of  disease  as  depression,  gloom- 
iness and  sadness."  ibid  232 


We  live  in  a  world  where  difficulties, 
trials,  suffering,  and  sorrow  await  us 
all  along  the  way.  Some  make  these 
burdens  doubly  heavy  by  always 
anticipating  troubles.  Some  try  to 
drown  their  trials  and  burdens  with 
drink,  or  exciting  amusements,  which 
only  complicate  their  problems. 

The  human  heart  not  only  longs  for 
rest,  but  it  also  needs  the  stability  that 
comes  with  perfect  confidence  in  the 
Mighty  One  who  can  safely  guide  us 
through  the  maze  of  life's 
experiences.  It  is  good  to  know  that 
if  the  life  is  surrendered  to  His 
guidance  and  service  it  will  never  be 
placed  in  a  position  for  which  He  has 
not  made  provision.  He  is  the 
constant  Guide  and  Help  to  all  such. 
One  who  can  be  trusted. 

One  must  know  Him  in  order  to  trust 
Him,  and  knowing  Him  develops 
trust.  The  whole  Word  of  God  is  a 
revelation  to  us  of  the  glory 
(character)  of  God  as  revealed  in 
Christ.  It  becomes  the  great  instru- 
mentality in  the  transformation  of 
character  as  it  is  received,  believed, 
and  obeyed  by  His  enabling  grace.  It  is 
the    constraining    force,    the  grand 


stimulus,  that  quickens  the  physical, 
mental,  and  spiritual  powers.  It 
directs  the  life  into  right  pathways. 
The  soul  that  receives  the  knowledge 
of  God  as  revealed  in  Christ  will  be 
recreated  in  the  image  of  God  through 
His  grace. 

Search  His  Word  for  His  promises. 
Learn  to  claim  them  as  if  promised  to 
you  alone.  Trust  will  grow  brighter  as 
you  see  these  promises  fulfilled  in 
your  life.  Open  your  heart  to  Him  in 
prayer,  as  friend  to  Friend,  and  He 
will  direct  your  paths,  and  keep  you. 

There  are  several  lifestyle  enhance- 
ment centers  where  the  eight  true 
remedies  are  taught  and  practiced. 
Many  people  come  to  these  centers  to 
recover  their  health.  All  are  benefited 
by  the  changes  made  in  their  life- 
styles. However,  it  has  been  observed 
that  those  who  put  into  practice  only 
the  first  six  and  a  half  of  the  true 
remedies,  including  only  an  improve- 
ment in  their  physical  rest  from  the 
Remedy  of  Rest,  never  make  as  much 
improvement  as  those  who  put  into 
practice  all  of  the  eight  true 
remedies. 


148 


TRUST 


Health  philosophies  of  every  type  are 
being  promoted  in  the  world  of  today. 
Many  popular  philosophies  teach  that 
man  is  innately  good;  that  within  him 
reside  the  elements  of  goodness,  and 
powers  which  will  relieve  him  of 
troubles  and  sickness,  and  thus  the 
desires  of  his  heart  will  be  realized. 
These  teachings  do  not  recognize  that 
man  is  a  transgressor,  and  that  his 
transgressions  are  the  primary  cause 
of  his  troubles,  and  that  they  must 
have  his  attention.  Neither  do  they 
recognize  that  a  loving  and  forgiving 
God  will  minister  to  our  healing  and 
restoration  as  we  yield  our  hearts  and 
lives  to  Him,  fully  trusting  him  in 
every  aspect  of  our  lives.  The  popular 
"mind  cures"  being  offered  seldom 
emphasize  obedience  to  the  laws  of 
life. 


One  of  the  most  dangerous  of  all 
mental  philosophies  is  that  which 
calls  for  one  mind  to  surrender  to 
another  human  mind.  This  is  the 
enemy's  plan  to  ruin  a  person's 
experience,  and  the  right  use  of 
his/her  own  will.  Hypnotism  is  a 
terrible  substitute  for  surrender  of  the 
will  to  God  in  full  and  complete  trust. 
Why  trust  another  human  being  who 
shares  in  the  frailties  of  all  mankind? 
The  Almighty,  the  One  who  can 
supply  all  our  needs  and  direct  our 
paths,  invites  us  to  trust  Him  as  a 
child  trusts  his  loving  parents.  His 
restoring  power  will  be  manifest  in 
our  bodies  if  our  will  and  ways  are  in 
accordance  with  His  will  and  ways. 
"God  has  pledged  himself  to  keep  this 
living  machinery  in  healthful  action  if 
the  human  agent  will  obey  His  laws 
and  co-operate  with  God." 

Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful  Living,  3 1 


"God  does  not  design  that  our  will  should  be  destroyed,  for  it  is  only  through 
its  exercise  that  we  can  accomplish  what  He  would  have  us  do.  Our  will  is  to  be 
yielded  to  Him,  that  we  may  receive  it  again,  purified  and  refined,  and  so 
linked  in  sympathy  with  the  Divine  that  He  can  pour  through  us  the  tides  of  His 

love  and  power."  Ellen  G.  White,  Thoughts  from  the  Mount  of  Blessing  62 


The  will  should  be  surrendered  only  to  the  One  who  made  it  and  gave  it  to  us. 
Claim  these  promises. 

Fear  the  Lord,  and  depart  from  evil.  It  shall  be  health  to  thy  navel,  and 

marrow  to  thy  bones.  Proverbs  3:7,8 

Thou  wilt  keep  him  in  perfect  peace,  whose  mind  is  stayed  on  thee: 
because  he  trusteth  in  thee.  Trust  ye  in  the  Lord  for  ever:  for  in  the  Lord 
JEHOVAH  is  everlasting  strength.  Isaiah  26:3 

I  the  Lord  have  called  thee  in  righteousness,  and  will  hold  thine  hand, 
and  will  keep  thee,.  .  .  isaiah42:6 

Behold,  God  is  my  salvation;  I  will  trust,  and  not  be  cfraid:  for  the  Lord 
JEHOVAH  is  my  strength  and  my  song;  he  also  is  become  my  Salvation. 
Therefore  with  joy  shall  ye  draw  water  out  of  the  wells  of  salvation. 

Isaiah  12:2,3 


<8  149 


Vegetarian, Whole  Foods.Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


MENU  PLANNING 

Variety  and  simplicity 


"In  every  line  of  cooking  the  question  which  should  be  considered,  is, 

How  can  the  food  be  prepared  in  the  most  natural 
and  inexpensive  manner? 

And  there  should  be  careful  study  that  the  fragments  of  food  left  over 

from  the  table  be  not  wasted."  Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful  Living, 

80 


Menu  planning  is  important.  The 
appetite  should  not  be  allowed  to  rule, 
as  the  mind  will  be  brought  under  its 
control  if  it  does.  Learn  what  kinds  of 
food  best  nourish  the  body,  and  follow 
the  dictates  of  reason  and  conscience. 

Not  all  wholesome  foods  are  suited  to 
our  needs  under  all  circumstances. 
Foods  should  be  selected  that  are 
suitable  to  the  season  and  climate 
where  we  live,  and  to  the 
occupation(s)  engaged  in.  Those  doing 
hard  physical  labor  might  benefit  from 
foods  not  suitable  for  sedentary 
workers,  or  those  engaged  in  intense 
mental  activities. 

An  ample  variety  of  foods  have  been 
provided  by  our  loving  Creator.  From 
these  we  may  choose  what  we  know 
to  be  best  for  our  needs. 

The  watchwords  Variety  and 
Simplicity  may  at  first  appear 
contradictory,  but  in  reality  they  work 
together  in  menu  planning.  A  variety 
of  foods  should  be  provided  from  day 
to  day,  and  season  to  season.  Also,  the 
same  foods  should  not  be  presented  at 


the  table  looking  and  tasting  the  same 
every  time.  Vary  the  way  potatoes  and 
other  foods  are  served.  Yet  each  meal 
should  include  only  three  or  four 
dishes.  Here,  simplicity  should  rule.  A 
change  can  be  made  at  the  next  meal. 

Liquid  foods  should  be  limited.  This 
includes  not  only  drinking  water  or 
juices,  but  also  soups  and  stews.  Solid, 
chewy,  foods  are  much  better  for  the 
digestion. 

It  is  best  not  to  use  fruits  and 
vegetables  at  the  same  meal.  Fruits 
may  be  combined  with  grains  and 
seeds,  and  vegetables  may  be 
combined  with  grains,  legumes,  and 
seeds.  Some  foods,  such  as  tomatoes, 
avocados,  melons,  pineapple  (a 
swollen  stem),  and  bananas,  combine 
well  with  either  fruits  or  vegetables 
for  most  people.  Citrus  fruits  also 
combine  well  with  either  fruits  or 
vegetables,  adding  a  much  desired 
tartness  to  salads  and  salad  dressings. 
Experience  is  a  good  teacher  in  this 
area.  Foods  that  combine  well  for  one 
individual  may  not  be  used  together  by 
another  person. 


8  150 


TRUST 


So,  what  is  a  fruit,  and  what  is  a  vegetable? 


Fruit  is  the  seed-containing  product 
of  a  blossom.  In  addition,  fruits  are 
starchy  when  immature,  the  starch 
turning  to  sugar  as  it  ripens  and 
sweetens.  Examples:  melons. 

Vegetables  are  parts  of  plants  such  as 
the  leaves,  stems,  roots,  blossom  and 
green  pods.  In  addition,  some  of  the 
"fruits"  blend  well  with  vegetable 
meals.  Vegetable-type  "fruits"  are 
sweet  when  immature,  but  become 
starchy  as  they  mature.  Example: 
squash. 

Some  foods,  such  as  avocadoes, 
squash,    grains,    nuts,    seeds,  and 


legumes,  go  well  with  either  a  fruit  or 
a  vegetable  meal. 

Fruits  digest  more  quickly  than  most 
other  foods.  Their  sugars  are  easily 
digested  and  assimilated.  They  may 
ferment  in  the  stomach  while  waiting 
for  other  foods  that  take  longer  to 
digest.  Also,  the  chemistry  needed  to 
digest  the  one  may  conflict  with  the 
chemistry  needed  for  the  other. 

These  are  broad  guidelines.  Learn 
what  foods,  and  food  combinations, 
are  best  for  you. 


But,  I  cannot  afford  to  buy  the  expensive  ingredients  called  for  in 
many  of  the  recipes! 


At  first  glance  some  of  the 
recommended  foods,  and  ingredients 
for  recipes,  appear  to  be  expensive. 
One  thing  to  consider  is  that  the  per 
pound  cost  of  any  food  increases  each 
time  it  is  processed. 

"Convenience"  foods  are  truly  the 
expensive  foods.  Compare  the  per 
pound  cost  of  whole  potatoes  with  the 
per  pound  cost  of  processed  frozen  or 
instant  potatoes;  and  the  per  pound 
cost  of  cornmeal  with  the  per  pound 
cost  of  corn  chips.  Also,  one  must 
remember  that  the  nutritive  value  of 
foods  diminishes  with  each  step  in 
the  processing  cycle. 

The  per  pound  cost  of  whole  grains  is 
less  than  the  per  pound  cost  for  meals 
or  flours.  The  per  pound  cost  of  grains 
processed  into  pasta,  chips,  or  ready - 
to-eat  breakfast  cereals  is  much 
greater  yet! 


But  what  about  the  expensive  nuts  and 
dried  fruits?  Compare  the  cost  of  a 
vegetarian  cheese-type  spread  using 
only  a  fraction  of  a  pound  of  nuts  with 
some  grain,  and  you  will  find  the  cost 
of  dairy  cheese  to  be  much  greater  for 
an  equal  quantity.  And  the  per  pound 
cost  of  raisins,  dates,  and  other  dried 
fruits  is  less  than,  or  about  equal  to, 
the  per  pound  cost  of  candy. 

A  diet  composed  of  whole,  natural 
foods  usually  costs  much  less  than 
does  a  diet  composed  of  processed 
foods.  There  are  also  hidden  costs  for 
processed  foods  that  are  not  apparent 
at  the  supermarket.  These  should  also 
be  considered,  such  as  costs  to  cope 
with  the  many  degenerative  diseases 
that  may  result  from  a  deficient  diet 
and  poor  lifestyle  habits.  The  bonus 
feature  is  that  the  natural,  whole  foods 
are  not  only  health  building,  but  also 
satisfying  and  delicious! 


(§  151 


Vegetarian, Whole  Foods.Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


Now  for  a  few  tips: 

Foods  should  be  prepared  simply,  but 
nicely  and  attractively.  Eye  appeal  has 
much  to  do  with  how  well  food  is 
relished. 

As  an  artist  color-coordinates  a 
painting,  and  an  interior  decorator 
color-coordinates  a  room,  a  meal  can 
be  "food  coordinated"  to  keep  it  more 
simple.  This  can  be  especially  helpful 
when  preparing  for  company,  when 
the  tendency  is  to  have  a  greater 
variety  of  foods. 

An  example: 

Main  dish:      rice  and  legume 
casserole 


Plan  to  have  simple  salads  with  more 
complicated  casseroles,  and  mixed 
salad  with  simple  main  dishes. 

If  you  choose  to  have  a  cooked  vege- 
table with  a  main  dish,  or  if  vegetables 
are  included  in  the  main  dish,  repeat 
some  of  the  same  vegetable(s)  in  the 
salad,  rather  than  trying  to  have 
different  ones  in  every  dish.  Such  as: 

Main  dish: 

Legume  seasoned  with  carrots, 
onion,  garlic,  and  herb  seasoning 

Salad: 

Carrot  salad,  or 


Green  salad  with  some  shredded 
Butter-like  and/or  cheese-type  carrot  for  color,  or 

spreads  could  be  made  with  a 

rice  base  carrot  and  celery  sticks. 


How  to  plan  for  adequate  nutrition 

Since  carbohydrates  are  the  preferred  fuel  for  most  body  cells,  we  would  do 
well  to  base  our  meals  on  carbohydrate-rich  foods  rather  than  heavy  protein 
foods.  If  foods  are  chosen  each  day  from  each  of  the  Food  Groups,  and  choices 
within  the  Food  Groups  are  varied  from  meal  to  meal,  the  protein  content,  as 
well  as  that  of  other  nutrients,  should  be  adequate. 

For  example:  choose  from  these  food  groups  each  day: 

Food  Group  Number  of  Servings/ Day 

Fruits  3  to  4 
Vegetables  3  to  6 

Grains  5  to  10 

Legumes  (5-6  times/week) 
Olives  2  to  3 

Avocados,  nuts/seeds  1  to  2 

Vary  the  fruits,  vegetables,  grains,  and  legumes  used  from  meal  to  meal,  and 
from  day  to  day;  assuring  color  contrasts,  and  flavor  and  texture  changes.  Be 
sure  to  include  an  ample  supply  of  green,  leafy,  vegetables,  and  2  to  3  different 
grains  each  day. 


8  152 


TRUST 


The  ratio  of  nutrients,  such  as  carbo- 
hydrates, proteins,  fats,  and  minerals, 
varies  in  each  food  group.  Of  course, 
each  fruit,  vegetable,  or  grain, 
contributes  its  unique  combination  of 
nutrients  to  our  needs.  This  is  why  we 
need  foods  from  each  food  group 

Many  people  who  have  not  learned  to 
relish  vegetables  and  fruits  tend  to 
consume  a  large  proportion  of  grains 
and  legumes.  This  is  especially  true  of 
those  changing  from  a  "meat  and 
potatoes"  regimen  to  a  vegetarian 
nutrition  plan. 

However,  to  maintain  a  health 
promoting  balance  in  the  body 
chemistry  it  is  best  to  select  the 
recommended  servings  from  each 
food  group.  Generally,  a  wide  variety 


of  foods  are  available  so  that  each 
person  should  be  able  to  find  an 
abundant  variety  to  meet  his  or  her 
tastes  and  preferences.  However, 
some  may  need  to  train  their  taste 
buds  to  enjoy  new  taste  treats. 

Of  course,  there  are  those  who  have 
allergy  problems.  If  this  is  a  problem, 
care  must  be  used  in  selecting  foods 
that  can  be  tolerated. 

Once  more  we  would  remind  you  to 
eat  an  abundance  of  fruits  and 
vegetables,  together  with  the  grains, 
legumes,  nuts  and  other  foods, —  and, 
as  much  as  possible,  eat  the  fruits  and 
vegetables  raw. 


"Eat  largely  of  fruits  and  vegetables." 


A  summary  of  menu-planning  guidelines 


1.  Use  unrefined,  natural  foods  as 
much  as  possible. 

2.  Fruits  and  vegetables  may  be  used 
freely,  providing  a  larger  number 
of  daily  servings. 

3.  Energy  foods,  such  as  grains  and 
legumes,  should  be  used  in 
amounts  adequate  to  meet  energy 
needs  and  maintain  weight. 

4.  Concentrated  foods,  such  as  nuts, 
avocados,  and  honey,  should  be 
used  more  sparingly. 

5.  Include  a  wide  variety  of  foods 
from  day  to  day;  featuring  foods  in 
season. 

6.  Do  not  include  a  wide  variety  of 
foods  in  one  meal.  The  watch- 
word here  is  simplicity;    three  to 


four  dishes  for  one  meal  should 
suffice. 

7.  It  is  best  not  to  use  fruits  and 
vegetables  in  the  same  meal. 
Combine  vegetables  with  grains  in 
one  meal;  fruit  with  grains  in 
another  meal. 

8.  Use  a  variety  of  colors,  textures, 
and  flavors;  not  all  sweet,  nor  all 
tart  or  salty. 

9.  Avoid  "one-sided"  meals;  such  as 
all  (or  mostly)  concentrated 
foods,  or  all  (or  mostly)  juicy,  less 
concentrated,  foods. 

10.  Obtain  foods  as  fresh  as  possible 
from  garden  and  orchard,  and 
include  an  ample  supply  of  raw 
foods  with  every  meal. 


(§  153 


LEAVES  FROM  THE  TREE  OF  LIFE 

Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 

MENU  PLANNER 


BREAKFAST 

DINNER 

SUPPER 

PREPARE  AHEAD 

s 
u 

N 

M 
O 
N 

T 
U 
E 

W 

E 

D 

T 
H 
U 

F 
R 
1 

S 
A 
T 

(§  154 


TRUST 


Keep  mealtimes  pleasant 


The  attitudes  and  conversation  at 
mealtime  should  be  uplifting  and 
pleasant.  It  is  not  a  time  to  resolve 
problems.  The  atmosphere  at  a  meal 
influences  not  only  the  amount  of  food 
eaten,  but  also    how  well  it  will  be 


utilized  by  the  body.  Dr.  Simonsen  at 
Johns  Hopkins  University  counted  the 
number  of  bites  people  took  while 
listening  to  different  types  of  music. 
Note  also  the  effect  it  had  on  the 
quantity  eaten. 


Type 
of  music 


Bites/ 
minute 


Length  of  time 
to  eat  meal 


Requests 

for  Seconds 


None 


40  minutes 


One  Third 


Spirited 


30  minutes 


one  half 


Soft  flute 


nearly  60 
minutes 


None; 
Many  left 
V4of  food 


S.  Gershoff  (editor).  Trying  to  Eat  Less?  Change  the  Station.  Tufts  Univ.  Diet  and  Nutr 
Letter  9  (4):  1-2,  1991.  Referred  to  by  Winston  J.  Craig,  Nutrition  for  the  Nineties,,  247. 


Take  time  to  enjoy  the  varieties  of 
flavors  and  textures  in  the  natural 
foods.  Foods  may  be  ever  so 
nourishing,  but  if  they  are  not 
thoroughly  chewed  they  will  not  do 
the  good  that  they  might.  The  watch- 
word here  is  "Chew,  chew,  chew." 


But  good  food  alone  will  not  bring  the 
benefits  that  might  be  enjoyed  when 
combined  with  the  rest  of  the  eight 
true  remedies.  As  exercise  is  also 
important,  especially  if  it  includes 
fresh  air  and  sunshine,  another  good 
watchword  is  "Walk,  walk,  walk." 


Enjoy  the  bounties  of  orchard,  field,  and  garden,  that  our  Creator  has  preserved 
for  us  from  the  Garden  of  Eden,—  a  foretaste  of  the  better  land. 

Remember,  He  has  given  you  the  power  of  choice,  so— 

"Choose  something  better!" 


The  recipes  with  this  lesson  include  special  dishes  for  special  occasions. 


<8  155 


TRUST 


Vital  vigor  and  energy 

Each  person  has  been  endowed  with  a 
measure  of  constitutional  force,  some 
with  more,  and  some  with  less.  The 
physical  and  mental  condition  of 
parents  is  perpetuated  in  their 
children.  If  the  lifestyle  of  the  parents 
was  contrary  to  physical  law,  the 
injury  done  to  themselves  is  repeated 
in  future  generations. 

However,  much  can  be  done  to 
preserve  the  vital  force  each  person 
has.  By  bringing  the  lifestyle  into 
conformity  to  the  laws  God  has 
implanted  on  every  nerve  and  fibre  of 
our  being  health  will  be  insured,  and 
the  constitution  will  not  break  down. 


We  can  ask  God  in  faith  to  bless  our 
efforts  to  preserve  health  when  we  do 
all  we  can  on  our  part  to  have  health. 
If  His  name  can  be  glorified,  He  will 
answer  such  a  prayer.  However,  God 
does  not  work  a  miracle  to  preserve 
or  restore  the  health  of  those  who 
make  themselves  sick  by  their  own 
course  of  action. 

Of  ourselves  we  cannot  submit  our 
inclinations  and  desires  to  the  will  of 
God.  But  if  we  are  "willing  to  be  made 
willing",  God  will  accomplish  this  for 
us.  Our  wills  will  then  be  in  harmony 
with  His  will,  and  we  will  delight  to 
do  His  will. 


A  sampling  of  rational  remedies 


Many  simple  herbs  can  be  used  with 
great  benefit.  Those  that  answer  to 
the  definition  of  food  in  Lesson  1, 
nourishing  the  system  without  doing 
harm,  may  furnish  substances  not 
found  in  the  usual  foodstuffs.  Some  of 
these,  such  as  red  clover  tea,  are  very 
helpful  in  cleansing  the  bloodstream 
of  impurities.  Care  should  be  taken 
not  to  use  any  herbs  that  have  harmful 
properties.  There  are  many  books  on 
herbs  and  their  properties  that  will 
aid  in  the  search  for  beneficial  herbs. 


Learn  the  edible  plants  that  grow  in 
your  area.  Many  will  furnish  a  supply 
of  greens  to  add  sparkle  to  winter  or 
early  spring  salads,  or  various  other 
dishes,  when  garden  greens  are  not 
yet  available. 

Nourishing  herbs  may  be  used  freely, 
cleansing  and  mildly  alterative  herbs 
should  be  used  prudently,  and  harmful 
herbs  avoided. 


How  to  make  herb  teas 

Use  about  one-third  to  one-half  cup  of 
dried  herbs  (leaves  or  flowers)  for  a 
quart  of  water,  or  about  one  to  three 
tablespoons  of  seeds  or  chopped 
roots.  Various  combinations  may  be 
used  to  suite  the  taste  or  need. 


Seeds  and  chopped  roots  should  be 
added  to  cold  water,  and  heated 
slowly  to  the  simmer  point;  then  add 
leaf  and  flower  herbs.  Let  steep  15  to 
20  minutes.  Strain,  and  use  within  24 
hours. 


156 


TRUST 


Some  suggestions 

Alfalfa  tea  is  an  aid  to  digestion,  a  very 
nourishing  herb.  It  is  rich  in  vita- 
mins, minerals,  and  trace  elements. 

Tender  green  alfalfa  tips  may  be  used 
in  green  drinks,  in  green  gravies  and 
the  like.  Blend  a  few  tender  alfalfa  tips 
with  a  sprig  or  two  of  mint  in  a  little 
pineapple  juice,  or  juice  of  choice,  for 
a  green  drink.  Add  blended  alfalfa  tips 
to  a  "cream  sauce"  for  a  green  gravy. 
Delicious  on  baked  potatoes.  (Keep  a 
few  plants  growing  in  your  back  yard.) 

Catnip  tea  will  quiet  the  nerves. 

Dandelion  is  rich  in  vitamins  and 
minerals.  It  helps  remove  toxins  from 
the  system. 

Fenugreek  seeds  aid  the  digestive 
organs.  Use  in  teas,  or  sprouted. 


Hops  tea  helps  to  induce  sleep. 

Licorice  root  has  properties  that  help 
stabilize  the  energy  level.  Use  only  a 
small  amount  with  other  herbs.  It 
should  not  be  used  indiscriminately, 
nor  on  a  regular  basis.  It  may  cause 
salt  retention  and  high  blood 
pressure. 

Red  clover  tea  is  an  excellent  blood 
purifier.  It  has  anticarcinogenic 
properties. 

Sage  tea  is  an  excellent  remedy  for 
colds  and  flu.  It  seems  to  help 
neutralize  and  eliminate  toxins 
produced  by  the  infection. 

Yarrow  has  properties  that  help  dia- 
betics. It  is  also  good  for  treating 
infections. 


Bran  water: 

Bran  is  an  excellent  source  of  fiber.  It 
is  also  a  very  good  source  of  minerals 
and  some  vitamins.  Bran  water  helps 
replenish  the  minerals  in  the  body. 

1  quart  raw  wheat  bran 


It  may  be  used  as  a  liquid  in  gravies, 
sauces,  stews,  and  breads  to  increase 
the  mineral  content,  or  added  to  herb 
teas.  To  make  bran  water: 

2  quarts  of  cool  water. 


Combine  bran  and  water.  Bring  slowly  to  boiling  point  and  simmer  for  a 
few  minutes.  Let  steep  15  minutes  or  more.  Strain,  pressing  gently  with  a 
spoon  to  extract  the  liquid.  Return  bran  to  the  kettle,  add  a  little  more 
water  and  stir  well.  Strain  again,  (this  liquid  will  not  be  as  concentrated). 


Activated  charcoal 

Activated  charcoal  is  a  remedy  that 
should  be  in  every  household.  It  is  a 
very  effective  agent  for  absorbing  a 
variety  of  drugs  and  poisons  that  may 
have  been  accidentally  swallowed.  It  is 


also  an  excellent  remedy  for  intestinal 
disorders,  insect  bits,  and  many  other 
applications.  However,  it  should  not 
be  used  on  a  chronic  basis. 


(8  157 


TRUST 


Try  the  following  to  build  your  immune  system 


A  contrast  shower  is  very  good  as  a 
morning  "awakener."  It  stimulates 
the  circulation  and  immune  system. 

Use  warm  to  hot  water  for  2  to 
3  minutes, 

Follow  with  cool  to  cold  water 
for  30  to  60  seconds. 


A  salt  glow  not  only  increases  the 
circulation  to  the  skin,  but  also 
stimulates  the  general  circulation,  and 
builds  resistance  to  cold.  It  is  a  good 
skin  toner,  and  gives  a  person  a  sense 
of  well  being.  You  can  give  yourself  a 
mini  salt  glow. 

Do  not  use  the  salt  glow  if  you  have  an 
acute  illness,  skin  rashes  or  lesions; 
nor  should  it  be  repeated  too 
frequently  since  it  may  irritate  the 
skin. 

Procedure: 

Place  a  cup  of  course  salt  in  a  pan  and 
moisten  it  just  enough  to  make  the 
salt  crystals  stick  together. 


A  cold  mitten  friction  is  another 
method  of  stimulating  the  circulation 
in  the  skin.  This  in  turn  stimulates 
the  circulation  in  the  whole  body.  It 
aids  in  building  resistance  to  cold, 
and  in  building  the  immune  system. 


Three  "contrasts"  make  an  excellent 
treatment  to  stop  a  threatening  cold, 
if  done  as  soon  as  the  first  symptoms 
appear.  Use  slightly  warmer/ colder 
water  with  each  cycle,  finishing  with 
water  as  cold  as  can  be  tolerated. 

Follow  this  treatment  with  rest  and 
plenty  of  fluids. 


Place  a  foot  tub  with  hot  water  (105  to 
110°F)  in  a  tub  or  shower  stall.  Have 
the  room  comfortably  warm. 

Stand  in  the  tub  of  hot  water.  Take 
about  a  tablespoon  of  the  moistened 
salt  and  distribute  it  evenly  over  the 
palm  of  your  hand(s). 

Rub  the  salt  lightly,  but  briskly  over 
the  surface  of  the  skin  until  it  is  pink. 
Do  the  arms  first,  then  the  legs.  Work 
from  the  fingers  to  shoulders,  and 
from  toes  to  hips.  Proceed  with  the 
chest,  abdomen,  hips,  and  buttocks. 

Finish  with  a  quick  shower  to  remove 
all  the  salt,  then  towel  dry. 


Use  friction  mitts  or  loofah  mitts, 
dipped  in  cold  water  (40°  70°  F)  and 
wrung  dry.  Keep  warm.  Wrap  yourself 
in  a  sheet  or  robe  exposing  only  body 
part  being  treated.  Proceed  as  for  salt 
glow.  Omit  the  shower  to  finish. 


Finish  all  baths  with  cool  to  cold  water  to  keep  the  skin  in  good  tone,  except  a 
bedtime  tepid  bath  taken  to  relax  the  body  and  help  induce  sleep. 

See  the  Recommended  Reading  list  for  books  with  full  descriptions  of  these 
measures  and  applications,  and  many  more. 


158 


EMAWsm  swmse  tmm  tmss  ©if  mifb 

Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar  APPENDIX  A 

LEAVES  FROM  THE  TREE  OF  LIFE 


In  the  midst  of  the  street  of  it,  and  on  either  side  of  the  river,  was  there  the  tree  of  life,  which  bare 
twelve  manner  of  fruits,  and  yielded  her  fruit  every  month:  and  the  leaves  of  the  tree  were  for  the 
healing  of  the  nations.  Revelation  22: 2 


BREAKFAST  BARLEY 

1         c         pearl  barley 
3         c  water 
1  /2       tsp  salt 

Dextrinize  barley,  by  stirring  constantly  in  a  dry  pan  over  medium  heat  for  several  minutes,  until 
it  just  begins  to  brown  Heat  water  with  salt  in  slow  cooker  while  grain  in  dextrinizing.  Add  grain 
to  water  in  slow  cooker,  and  let  cook  overnight,  or  several  hours.  Sprinkle  with  chopped  nuts, 
raisins,  or  other  dried  fruit  if  desired.  Serves  4  to  6. 

Variations:   Replace  part  of  the  barley  with  an  equal  amount  of  millet  or  brown  rice. 


NUT  MILK 

1         qt  water 

1         c         almonds  ,  blanched 

(or  clean,  raw  cashews) 
1  /4       tsp  salt 

Blend  nuts  with  about  1  cup  of  the  water  until  very  smooth.  Add  salt  and  remaining  water  and 
blend  to  mix;  or  pour  into  a  pitcher  and  stir  in  remaining  water.  Strain,  if  desired.  Cover  and 
refrigerate.  Shake  well  before  using.  This  milk  is  excellent  on  hot  or  cold  cereal,  and  for  cooking. 
(Best  used  within  3  or  4  days.) 

Variations:  For  Grain-nut  Milk,  reduce  nuts  to  1  /3  cup,  and  add  1  cup  hot  cooked  millet  or  brown 
rice  and  blend  until  smooth. 


GARBANZO-OAT  WAFFLES 


2V4 

c 

water 

1V2 

c 

oats 

1 

c 

cooked  garbanzos 

2 

tbsp 

date  sugar,  or 

1 A  c  floured  date  bits 

y2 

tsp 

salt 

2 

tbsp 

sunflower  seeds 

2 

tsp 

vanilla 

Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar  NUTRITION 

Whiz  all  ingredients  together.  Spray  waffle  iron  with  vegetable  oil  spray  (for  the  first  waffle  only) . 
Bake  10  to  12  minutes  in  a  hot  waffle  iron,  or  until  steaming  stops. 

Variation:  Replace  cooked  garbanzos  with  soaked  raw  garbanzos. 

PEACHY  BREAKFAST  CAKE 


5V2 

c 

soft  bread  crumbs 

V3 

c 

unsweetened  coconut  (opt) 

16  oz 

can 

unsweetened  peaches 

2 

ripe  bananas 

V2 

c 

orange  or  pineapple  juice 

1V2 

tsp 

vanilla 

78 

tsp 

almond  extract 

2 

bananas,  sliced 

2 

c 

raisins 

Combine  bread  crumbs  and  coconut  and  set  aside.  Blend  remaining  ingredients,  except  banana 
slices  and  raisins,  until  smooth.  Layer  in  a  10  x  13"  baking  dish  as  follows:  Peach  sauce,  crumb 
mixture,  banana  slices,  raisins,  etc.  End  with  a  layer  of  crumbs.  Bake  at  350°  F  for  30  minutes,  or 
until  golden  brown.  Serve  warm.  (Or  mix  all  together,  bake,  cut  into  bars.) 


SCRAMBLED  TOFU  (SOUFFLE) 


v4 

c 

clean,  raw,  cashews,  or 

2  tbsp  raw  tahini 

v4 

c 

winter  squash  (or  carrots) 

1 

tbsp 

food  yeast 

1 

tbsp 

lemon  juice 

1 

clove  garlic 

y4 

c 

chopped  onion 

3 

tbsp 

corn  starch  (optional) 

c 

water 

y8 

tsp 

each,  ground  thyme, 

sage,  and  marjoram 

i 

tbsp 

Bragg's  liquid  aminos 

i 

tsp 

salt,  or  to  taste 

Blend  above  ingredients  and  mix  with: 

1         lb        tofu,  mashed  fine 

1-2      tbsp     red  or  green  bell  pepper,  minced 

1         tbsp     parsley  flakes 

Pour  into  a  2-inch  deep  casserole.  Bake,  covered,  30  minutes  at  350°  F,  then  uncovered  for  10-15 
minutes,  or  until  set.  Serve  with  fresh  tomato.  This  should  set  up  like  a  souffle. 


RAY'S  TAHINI  DELIGHT 

Stir  about  an  equal  amount  of  water  into  1/4  cup  of  raw  tahini  with  a  fork  (to  make  desired 
consistency).  Add  a  sprinkle  of  salt,  2-  3  table-spoons  of  lemon  juice,  1/4  to  1/2  teaspoon  dill 
and/or  other  herb  seasoning. 


HQ[ri^  160 


Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar  NUTRITION 

SOY  MILK 

Soak  IV4  cups  soybeans  in  water  to  cover.  Drain.  Cover  with  fresh  water,  bring  to  a  gentle  boil, 
and  simmer  2  to  3  minutes.  Rinse  in  cold  water  to  stop  cooking  process.  Yield:  about  3  cups  of 
prepared  beans.   Proceed  with: 

1  c         prepared  soybeans,  rinsed 
2V2     c  water 

2  dates 
1  /8       tsp  salt 

Blend  well.  Strain  milk  through  fine  sieve  or  cheesecloth.  Use  pulp  in  Okara  Bread,  loaves, 
patties,  spreads,  and  cheeses. 


BLUE  BE  RRY  TOPPI NG 

2         c         apple  or  pineapple  juice 
3-4  dried  pineapple  rings,  chopped 

1/4       c         minute  tapioca 
2         c  blueberries 

Simmer  first  3  ingredients  until  thick  and  clear,  stirring  constantly,  (or  simmer  over  very  low 
heat,  stirring  occasionally.)  Add  1  cup  of  berries  and  blend  briefly.    Stir  in  remaining  berries. 


STRAWBERRY  JAM 

4-5  dried  pineapple  rings 

2         c         unsweetened  frozen  strawberries 

Cut  dried  pineapple  into  small  pieces.  Combine  with  strawberries  and  let  stand  until  pineapple  is 
soft.  Add  small  amount  of  juice  for  blending,  if  necessary.  Blend  until  smooth. 


GOLDEN  DELIGHT 

20  oz    can  unsweetened, 

crushed  pineapple 
16  oz    can      unsweetened  peaches 

or  apricots 
1         tbsp     minute  tapioca  per 

1  li  cup  juice 
3  -  4  dried  pineapple  rings,  chopped 

Drain  fruit  and  save  juice.  Simmer  juice  with  diced  pineapple  and  tapioca  over  very  low  heat  until 
clear.  Stir  occasionally.  When  thickened,  stir  in  diced  fruit,  or  blend. 


HEARTY  BREAKFAST  BEANS 


3 

c 

cooked  pinto  beans 

y2 

c 

chopped  onion 

1 

clove  garlic,  minced 

tsp 

thyme 

y4 

tsp 

sage 

\^iZl  161 


Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar  NUTRITION 

Simmer  ingredients  a  few  minutes  until  onion  is  tender.  Serve  over  well-cooked  brown  rice  or 
other  whole  grain. 

TASTY  SOY  SOUFFLE 


1 

c 

dry  soy  beans,  soaked 

1 

c 

water 

1 

c 

tomato  juice 

2 

tbsp 

tomato  paste 

1 

small  onion 

1 

clove  garlic, 

1 

tsp 

salt 

72 

tsp 

oregano 

72 

tsp 

sweet  basil 

Drain  soaked  soybeans.  Blend  all  ingredients  until  smooth.  Bake  in  a  covered  baking  dish,  placed 
on  a  sheet  of  aluminum  foil,  at  350°  for  45-50  minutes.,  or  at  325°  for  about  an  hour  Serve  with  a 
tomato  sauce. 

Variation:  Omit  tomato  paste  and  replace  tomato  juice  with  water.  Add  1/2  cup  each  diced  celery 
and  bell  pepper,  2  tbsp  each  lemon  juice  and  Bragg's  liquid  aminos,  and  replace  oregano  and  sweet 
basil  with  thyme  and  sage. 

POTATO  MOUNDS 


6 

medium  potatoes  (1V2  pounds) 

2-4 

tbsp 

onion,  chopped 

2 

tbsp 

chopped  pimiento 

or  red  bell  pepper 

2 

tbsp 

parsley,  chopped 

2 

tbsp 

whole-grain  flour 

1 

tsp 

salt 

Parboil  unpeeled  potatoes  15  to  20  minutes  (centers  will  still  be  hard).  Cool  quickly.  As  soon  as 
they  can  be  handled,  peel  the  potatoes  and  shred  with  a  course  grater.  Add  remaining  ingredients, 
and  toss.  Shape  into  patties,  or  scoop  out  portions  with  an  ice  cream  scoop.  Place  in  a  9  x  13  baking 
dish,  and  bake  30  to  40  minutes  at  350°  F,  or  25  to  30  minutes  at  400°  F. 


TENDER  OAT  MUFFINS 


c 

applesauce 

/a 

c 

almond  butter  or  tahini 

U 

c 

(or  less)  honey 

/2 

tsp 

salt 

u 

c 

water 

mashed  banana 

(frozen  &  thawed  OK) 

tsp 

coriander 

Mix  the  above  ingredients  together,  and  add: 

2         c         quick  oats 

1  /4       c         chopped  walnuts 


HQ[ri^  162 


EMAWsm  swmse  tmm  tmss  ©if  mifb 

Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar  NUTRITION 

l/2       c         unsweetened  coconut  (opt.) 
1         c         date  pieces  or  raisins 

Spoon  into  paper  lined  muffin  tins,  or  drop  on  baking  sheet.   Bake  30  minutes  at  375°  F. 
Variation:  Add  2  cups  of  blueberries 


SUPER  WAFFLES 


3 

c 

water 

1 

c 

millet,  uncooked 

1 

c 

rolled  oats,  uncooked 

y2 

c 

unsweetened  coconut 

i 

tsp 

vanilla  (opt.) 

i 

tsp 

salt 

Place  1  cup  of  water,  1  /2  cup  each  of  the  oats,  millet,  and  the  salt  in  the  blender.  Blend  until  very 
smooth  (2-3  minutes).  Add  the  remaining  water  alternately  with  remaining  grain,  vanilla,  and 
coconut,  and  continue  blending  until  very  smooth.  (If  the  blender  is  small,  blend  half  the 
quantities  at  a  time.)  Pour  3/4  to  1  cup  portions  onto  hot  waffle  iron,  and  bake  7-10  minutes,  or 
until  steaming  stops.  Yield:  6  waffles. 

Variations:  Replace  coconut  with  1/3  cup  sun-flower  or  sesame  seeds,  or  with  1  cup  soaked 
soybeans  plus  3  tbsp  of  choice  of  seeds. 

Note:  These  waffles  freeze  well,  and  may  be  reheated  quickly  in  a  toaster. 


BUCKWHEAT  WAFFLES 

Use  raw  buckwheat  groats  in  place  of  millet  in  the  above  recipe.  Or  use  1  f2  cup  each  millet  and 
buckwheat  with  the  oats. 

DORIS'  BREAKFAST  RICE 


1 

c 

brown  rice,  dextrinized 

5 

c 

water 

V2 

c 

raisins 

74 

c 

dates,  chopped 

y4 

c 

dried  cherries 

c 

dried  apricots,  chopped 

i 

tsp 

salt 

Place  all  ingredients  in  a  covered  casserole  dish.  Bake  at  300°  F  for  2  to  3  hours  after  it  starts 
boiling.  (This  may  be  prepared  in  the  evening,  and  the  timer  set  to  have  the  rice  ready  at  breakfast 
time.) 


BREAKFAST  GRANOLA 


1  c  softened  pitted  dates 

2  ripe  bananas 

l/2  c  pineapple  juice  or  water 

1  tsp  salt 

9  c  rolled  oats 


1  =  ^22  163 


Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar  NUTRITION 

1  /2       c         raw  sunflower  seeds 

3/4       c         chopped  nuts 

1/2       c         unsweetened  coconut 

Blend  first  4  ingredients  and  add  to  dry  mixture,  or  simmer  dates  in  juice  until  soft.  Cool.  Add 
mashed  bananas,  and  stir  all  ingredients  together.  Grain  should  be  moist,  but  not  wet.  Spread 
onto  large  baking  pan.  to  about  1/2inch  thick.  Bake  at  200°  F  for  90  minutes,  stirring  every  30 
minutes,  until  a  very  light  brown  and  almost  dry.  Turn  oven  off  and  leave  pans  in  oven  to  finish 
drying. 

Variations:  A  combination  of  old  fashioned  and  quick  oats  makes  the  most  tender  granola.  Small 
amounts  of  wheat,  rye,  and/or  barley  flakes  may  be  included  in  the  mix.  Sunseeds  and/or  nuts 
may  be  blended  to  a  fine  meal.  Add  choice  of  diced  dried  fruit  after  baking. 


RICE-SOY  PANCAKES 


2/3 

c 

brown  rice  (dry  measure) ,  soaked 

v2 

c 

water  (may  use  soaking  water) 

72 

c 

soybeans  (dry  measure) ,  soaked 

and  simmered  for  5  minutes 

2 

pitted  dates,  or  1  tbsp  honey 

1 

tsp 

salt 

Blend  all  ingredients.  Bake  on  hot  nonstick  griddle. 
GARBANZO  DIP 


2  c  cooked  garbanzos,  drained 

3  tbsp  tahini,  raw 
l/3  c  lemon  juice 

1-2  garlic  cloves,  minced 

Mash  garbanzos  with  a  fork  to  a  coarse  paste. 
Add  remaining  ingredients,  and  mix  well. 
Serve  on  toast,  or  with  raw  vegetable  dippers 
and  pita  whole-grain  pita  bread  or  crackers. 


c 
c 


PRUNE  ORANGE  J  AM 

pitted  prunes 
orange  juice 


Simmer  prunes  and  juice  in  covered  saucepan 
5  minutes.  Stir  or  mash  for  a  chunky  jam. 
Blend  until  smooth  for  a  creamy  jam. 

Variations:  Replace  half  of  orange  juice  with 
grape  juice.  Add  chopped  nuts,  crushed 
pineapple,  or  other  special  touches  of  your 
choice.  Also,  try  replacing  prunes  with  figs. 


Basic  guidelines  for  cooking  whole  grains: 


Grains  may  be  cooked  in  slow-cookers,  or 
double-boilers,  or  baked.  They  may  be  cooked 
overnight  in  a  slow-cooker,  or  a  timer  may  be 
set  to  start  the  cooker  or  oven,  allowing  ample 
time  for  cooking  after  the  grain  reaches  the 
boiling  point.  Both  flavor  and  texture  are 
improved  in  whole  grains  that  are  baked  for  2 
hours  or  more.  Millet  and  oats  are  full 
flavored,  sweet,  and  delicious! 


Different  slow  cookers  and  ovens  seem  to  take 
slightly  different  ratios  of  water  to  grain  when 
cooked  the  recommended  amount  of  time.  You 
may  need  to  increase  or  decrease  the  suggested 
amounts  of  water  shown  in  the  following  chart, 
in  order  to  achieve  the  best  results  with  your 
cooking  method(s).  (The  moisture  content  of 
cooked  grains,  if  very  dry  or  very  moist,  may 
affect  texture  of  grain-based  butters,  spreads, 
and  similar  recipes.  Adjust  as  needed.) 


FOR  1  CUP  OF  SALT  CUPS  OF         COOKING  TIME  AT 

DRY  GRAIN  V2  tsp/c         WATER  BOILING  TEMPERATURE 


Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar  NUTRITION 


Pasta,  Rolled/  Flaked  Grains  and  Meals 

Pasta  -  8  ounces  4  to  5 

Instant  oats  2 

Quick  oats  2 

Cornmeal  3  to  4 

Rolled  oats,  wheat,  rye,  etc  2 

Cracked  and  Whole  Grains 

Corn  grits  31/2 

Cracked  Wheat  3  to  4 

Brown  rice  3  to  31  /2 

Millet  4 

Barley,  triticale,  or  wheat  3  to  4 


Baking  Temperature:  300°  F 

30  minutes 

25  to  30  minutes 

45  minutes 

45  to  60  minutes 

90  minutes 


3  hours 
2  to  3  hours 
2  to  3  hours 
2  to  3  hours 
2  to  3  hours 


Tip:  Well-cooked  brown  rice  and  millet  tend  to  be  mushy  when  freshly  cooked  or  baked.  The 
texture  will  become  more  firm,  and  the  grains  fluffy,  if  allowed  to  cool  a  few  minutes  before 
serving.  Also,  the  grains  are  fluffy  and  more  firm  when  reheated. 


Dextrinizing  grains  changes  starches  into 
dextrin,  which  has  a  chemical  structure  in 
between  that  of  starches  and  sugars,  The 
process  shortens  the  cooking  time  by  only  a  few 
minutes,  but  imparts  a  nutty  flavor  and  fluffier 
texture. 

To  Dextrinize  Grains:  Heat  dry  grain  in  a 
heavy  pan  over  low  to  medium  heat  (or  in  the 
oven),  until  it  is  a  delicate,  light  brown.  Stir  to 
prevent  over-browning  on  the  bottom  of  the 
pan,  or  around  the  edges. 

FIG  NEWTONS 


DOUGH 

72  c 

nut  butter 

72  c 

whole  wheat  pastry  flour 

72  tsp 

salt  (rounded) 

3/8  c 

cool  water 

3/4  c 

oat  flour  (sift  in) 

Stir  salt  and  water  in  the  nut  butter.  Stir  in 
flour,  and  knead  until  well  blended.  Roll  out, 
and  fill  with  the  following  Filling.  Bake  at 
375°  F  for  about  20  minutes,  on  the  top  level  of 
the  oven.  Turn  bars  over,  and  bake  15  minutes 
more. 

FILLING 

2V2     c         dried  figs  (1  lb) 
l3/4     c         date  pieces   (V2  lb) 
3/4  1   c         hot  water 

Put  dried  fruit  through  grinder.  Mix  in  hot 
water  until  well  blended.  If  the  fruit  is  very  dry, 
soak  it  in  the  water  before  grinding 


Variation:  Replace  figs  with  dried  apricots,  or 
other  dried  fruit  of  choice. 


PINEAPPLE  MILLET  PUDDING 

(A  simple,  light,  dessert;  or  sauce  for  fruit  salad) 


1 

20-oz 

can  of  pineapple  (in  own  juice) 

1V2 

c 

cooked  millet 

2 

tbsp 

sunflower  seeds  (opt.) 

2-3 

tbsp 

frozen  orange  juice  concentrate 

y3 

c 

frozen  pineapple  juice 

concentrate 

i 

sprig 

mint  (opt.) 

Blend  dry  seeds  to  a  fine  meal.  Drain  juice 
from  pineapple  tidbits  or  chunks.  Heat  juice 
and  millet  to  near  boiling.  Add  to  blender  with 
the  balance  of  ingredients.  Blend  smooth. 
Pour  sauce  over  tidbit  or  chunks  in  a  serving 
bowl.  Add  sliced  ripe  bananas,  orange 
sections,  or  other  fruit  if  desired. 

(Note:  The  amount  of  millet  may  be  increased 
or  decreased  a  little  to  vary  pudding  consis- 
tency. Millet  should  equal  amount  of  juice  for 
a  medium  firm  pudding.) 

Variation:  Replace  sunflower  seeds  with 
choice  of  nuts  or  other  seeds.  A  ripe  banana 
may  be  blended  in  with  other  ingredients. 

SUN  BARS 

2V4     c         sunflower  seeds 


1  =  ^22  165 


S'Si@M  TMM  TWMS  ©IF  MS 
Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


or  halved  almonds 


1V2 

c 

chopped  dates 

74 

c 

raw  tahini,  or  almond  butter 

y4 

c 

carob  powder 

3 

tbsp 

honey 

3 

tbsp 

barley  malt 

1 

tbsp 

vanilla 

1 

tbsp 

water 

Blend  seeds  in  blender  to  make  a  rough  meal. 
Mix  all  ingredients  together.  It  will  be  quite 
gooey.  Press  the  mixture  evenly  into  an  8  x  12 
pan.  Bake  at  350°  F  for  20  minutes.  The  bottom 
will  brown  lightly.  Remove  from  oven  and 
score  into  squares  of  desired  size.  Lift  bars 
from  pan  before  completely  cooled. 

Note:  It  is  best  to  blend  nut/seed  butter,  with 
vanilla,  and  malt,  and  other  moist  ingredients; 
then  blend  in  dry  ingredients. 

The  bars  will  be  soft  when  removed  from  the 
pan  while  warm.  They  will  harden  and  become 
chewy. when  cooled  to  room  temperature  . 

Variation:  Eliminate  barley  malt  and  increase 
dates  to  2  cups. 

The  carob  powder  may  be  eliminated. 

Also;  1  cup  of  rolled  oats,  blended  dry  to  a 
meal,  (or  1  cup  of  rice  flour),  plus  1/2  cup  wheat 
germ,  1  to  2  tablespoons  of  frozen  orange  juice, 
may  be  added.  The  added  grains  make  a  more 
crisp  bar.    Bake  in  a  9  x  13"  baking  dish. 


OAT  DATE  BAR  COOKIE 


2 

C 

coconut,  unsweetened 

y2 

tsp 

salt 

1 

c 

coarsely  chopped  walnuts 

3/4 

c 

rolled  oats 

3/4 

c 

almond  butter 

1 

c 

dates,  finely  chopped 

2/3 

c 

whole  wheat  pastry  flour 

3/4 

c 

honey 

Combine  all  ingredients  and  bake  at  350°  F 
until  a  light  brown,  about  15-20  minutes. 


EXERCISE 


LEMON  CHIFFON  PIE 


1         c         raw  cashews,  cleaned 
1         c         boiling  water 

Blend  smooth.  Add,  and  continue  blending 


1 

c 

honey 

1 

c 

hot,  cooked  polenta 

2 

tbsp 

cooked  winter  squash 

1 

tsp 

vanilla  powder  (or  extract) 

y2 

tsp 

lemon  extract 

1 

tsp 

grated  lemon  rind 

y2 

tsp 

salt 

2 

tbsp 

Ernes  gelatin 

y2 

c 

fresh  lemon  juice 

When  well  blended,  pour  into  a  baked  Nutri- 
Grain  Pie  Crust.  (The  crust  is  best  if  made  with 
frozen  pineapple  juice  for  this  pie.) 


NUTRI -GRAIN  PIE  CRUST 

IV2     c         Nutri-grain  Wheat  flakes 

or  similar  unsweetened  cereal 

V2       c         unsweetened  coconut,  fine,  or 
1  /3  c  finely  ground  almonds 

4-5      tbsp     pineapple,  orange,  or  apple 
concentrate 

Place  Nutri-grain  flakes  in  a  plastic  bag  and 
crush  lightly  with  rolling  pin.,  or  place  in 
pyrex  pie  dish,  and  crush  lightly  with  a  small 
straight-sided  jar.  Stir  in  all  ingredients, 
making  sure  the  juice  concentrate  is  mixed  in 
evenly.  Press  pie  crust  into  place  in  the  pan, 
using  rubber  spatula,  fork,  or  your  fingers. 
Bake  for  about  7  minutes  at  400°  F,  or  until  a 
light  brown. 

Variation:  Replace  coconut  with  walnut  meal, 
or  other  nut  or  seed  meal. 


LEMONY  PINEAPPLE  PIE 

(On  the  light  side) 


2 

c 

cooked  brown  rice,  hot 

1V4 

c 

pineapple  juice,  hot 

73 

c 

almonds,  blanched 

1-2 

rings  dried  pineapple 

72 

c 

frozen  pineapple  juice 

concentrate 

2 

tbsp 

honey  or  Sucanat  (opt. 

2 

tbsp 

Ernes  gelatin 

74 

c 

lemon  juice  (fresh) 

166 


Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


1         tsp       lemon  zest  (grated  lemon  rind) 

Add  diced  dried  pineapple  ring  to  pineapple 
juice  to  soften  as  juice  heats.  Blend  dry 
almonds  to  a  fine  meal.  Add  hot  cooked  brown 
rice,  pineapple  juice  and  dried  pineapple,  and 
blend  until  smooth.  Add  the  rest  of  the 
ingredients,  and  blend  to  mix  well.  Pour  into  a 
baked  Nutri -grain  pie  crust 


MILDLY  NUTTY  CAROB  PUDDING 

Cook  (in  a  double  boiler  or  slow  cooker)  1  part 
millet  to  4  parts  water,  salt,  for  2  to  3  hours. 

For  each  cup  of  cooked  hot  millet,  blend  with 
the  following: 


1 

c 

boiling  water 

72 

c 

dates 

1 

tsp 

vanilla 

2 

tbsp 

carob  powder 

1 

tbsp 

almond  butter  or  raw  tahini 

or  2  tbsp  nut  or  seed  meal 

Blend  only  one  cup  of  the  hot  millet  with  the 
above  at  a  time,  as  it  is  easier  on  the  blender. 
This  is  excellent  for  lunches,  or  poured  into  a 
crumb  crust  for  pie.  (Pudding  will  not  be  as 
smooth  if  nut  or  seed  meal  is  used.) 


HOLIDAY  FRUIT  MOLD 


1 

20  oz 

can  crushed  pineapple, 

drained  (save  juice) 

4 

tbsp 

Ernes  gelatin 

2 

golden  delicious  apples,  diced 

1 

12  oz 

can  Tree  Top  Very  Berry 

juice  Concentrate 

2 

c 

choice  of  berries  (blue- 

berries, raspberries,  boysen- 

berries,  or  blackberries.) 

Dissolve  Ernes  gelatin  in  reserved  pineapple 
juice,  simmer  1  minute.  Mix  first  4  ingredients 
in  a  bowl.  Add  frozen  berries,  and  1  or  2  sliced 
bananas.  Pour  into  a  jello  mold.  Chill  several 
hours.  Serve  on  a  platter  garnished  with  red 
leaf  lettuce. 


DATE-NUT  TREATS 

(Simple,  but  tasty) 


EXERCISE 


Pit  dates.  Stuff  with  walnut  halves  or  quarters, 
(however  much  the  dates  can  cover  nicely),  or 
other  nuts.  Roll  lightly  in  fine,  unsweetened, 
macaroon  coconut  or  nut  meal. 


Q[r^  167 


S'Si@M  TMM  TWMS  ©IF  MS 
Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


PUDDING  CAKE  WITH  LEMON  SAUCE 


1 

c 

pitted  dates 

^  / 
/4 

c 

soy  or  nut  milk 

V2 

tbsp 

vanilla 

3V2 

c 

soft  bread  crumbs* 

1 

c 

finely  grated  carrots 

72 

c 

unsweetened,  crushed 

pineapple,  with  juice 

72 

c 

raisins 

73 

c 

chopped  walnuts 

Blend  first  3  ingredients  until  very  smooth. 
Combine  with  remaining  ingredients,  and  mix 
well.  Spoon  lightly  into  a  9  x  9  pan,  and  bake  at 
300°  F  for  1  hour.  Just  before  serving,  pour 
Lemon  Sauce  over  top. 

*To  make  bread  crumbs:  tear  bread  into 
chunks,  2  slices  at  a  time,  and  blend  lightly. 


LEMON  SAUCE 


2 

c 

unsweetened  pineapple  juice 

c 

honey,  or 

apple  juice  concentrate 

c 

fresh  lemon  juice 

73 

c 

arrowroot  powder,  or 

cornstarch 

y2 

tsp 

fresh  grated  lemon  rind 

y4 

tsp 

salt 

Blend  all  ingredients  until  very  smooth.  Heat 
in  a  saucepan,  stirring  constantly,  until 
thickened. 


POLYNESIAN  FRUIT  BARS 


3 

c 

rolled  oats 

1 

c 

unsweetened  coconut  (opt) 

1 

c 

millet  meal 

(Blend  1  cup  dry  millet  to  a  meal) 

1V4 

c 

orange  juice 

y2 

c 

chopped  nuts   (pecans ) 

1 

tsp 

salt 

Cook  pineapple  and  dates  until  thickened.  Mix 
the  rest  of  the  ingredients  together  .  Crumble 
mixture  should  just  hold  together,  but  not  be 
soggy.  Use  more  or  less  orange  juice  as  needed. 
Press  half  of  mixture  firmly  into  a  9  x  12  glass 
baking  dish.  Spread  pineapple-date  mixture 
evenly   over    the    oat   mixture.      Top  with 


EXERCISE 


remaining  oat  mixture,  and  bake  at  350°  F  for 

30  minutes. 

Filling: 

1  20  oz    can  unsweetened, 

crushed  pineapple 

2  c         chopped  dates 

Simmer  together  until  thick. 


HAYSTACK  COOKIES 


2 

c 

pitted  dates 

1 

c 

raisins 

3/4 

c 

pineapple  or  orange  juice 

3 

c 

unsweetened,  shredded 

coconut 

1 

c 

chopped  walnuts  or  almonds 

3/4 

c 

barley  or  whole  wheat  pastry 

flour 

y3 

c 

rolled  oats 

y2 

tsp 

salt 

Blend  dates,  raisins,  and  juice,  until  smooth. 
Add  to  remaining  ingredients  and  mix  lightly. 
Drop  onto  ungreased  cookie  sheets  with  small 
ice  cream  scoop.  Bake  at  325°  F  for  20-25 
minutes,  or  until  browned. 


MILLET  RAISIN  COOKIES 

(Real  Treats) 


1  - 

12  oz  can 

frozen  apple  juice  concentrate 

1 

c 

sesame  seeds  (or  nuts  of  choice) 

1 

tbsp 

vanilla 

1 

tsp 

almond  flavoring 

2-3 

tbsp 

honey,  brown  sugar  (optional) 

or  1  /2  cup  dates 

Blend  the  above  ingredients,  and  add  to,  and 
mix  (in  a  large  bowl)  with: 


4         c         cooked  millet  (warm) 
2         c         applesauce  (may  use  raw  apple 
chunks  blended  to  a  sauce) 


Add  dry  ingredients,  and  mix: 


3 

c 

rolled  oats 

2 

c 

wheat  germ 

2 

c 

unsweetened  macaroon  coconut 

2 

c 

sunflower  seeds  (optional) 

3 

c 

raisins 

168 


IPSi@M  TIES  TEMM  ©IP  MIPS 
Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


EXERCISE 


Use   1/4  cup  scoop  to  form  into  mounds,  and 

drop  on  cookie  sheets.   Bake  at  375°  F  for  20 
TOFU  CHEESE  RAREBIT 


1 

c 

cleaned,  raw  cashews 

2V2 

c 

water 

2 

c 

tofu 

1 

tbsp 

chicken-like  seasoning 

v2 

c 

pimientos 

74 

c 

yeast  flakes 

74 

c 

lemon  juice,  fresh 

73 

c 

chopped  onion 

1-2 

garlic  clove 

2V2 

tsp 

salt 

Blend  cashews  with  1  cup  of  water  on  high 
speed  1-2  minutes,  until  creamy.  Pour  into 
saucepan.  Blend  remaining  ingredients  with 
remaining  water  until  smooth.  Pour  into 
saucepan  with  blended  cashews.  Bring  to  boil; 
reduce  heat  and  simmer  until  thick,  stirring 
constantly.  Serve  over  toast,  pasta,  or  grains. 
Yield:  5  cups. 

Variation:  For  an  appetizing  touch,  place 
thinly  sliced  raw  onion  rings  and/or  tomato 
slices  on  toast  before  pouring  cheese  on  top. 


RICE  BREAD 

(Yeast) 


1 

quart 

warm  water 

2 

tbsp 

yeast 

1-2 

tbsp 

sweetener 

73 

c 

sesame  seed  meal 

(dry  seeds  blended  to  a  meal) 

2 

tsp 

salt 

6 

c 

brown  rice  flour 

2 

c 

oat  flour 

(rolled  oats  blended  dry) 

Mix  sweetener  with  warm  water,  then  add 
yeast.  After  this  mixture  gets  bubbly,  add  the 
dry  ingredients,  and  stir  just  enough  to  get 
evenly  mixed.  Put  in  a  9  x  13  inch  baking  dish. 
Let  rise  half  again,  about  15-20  minutes.  Bake 
at  375°  for  about  40  minutes. 

Note:  A  sheet-type  yeast  bread  has  a  tendency  to 
be  dry.  To  moisten,  steam  lightly  to  reheat. 

"BEEF"  SEASONING 


minutes  or  more.  (Yield:  6  to  7  dozen  cookies.) 

1/3       c         celery  seed 
1         tsp       garlic  powder 
1         tbsp     onion  powder 

Combine,  mixing  well. 

SPANISH  RICE  II 

2V2     qts  brown  rice  -  cooked 

(l3/4  c  dry  rice) 

41/2-5  c  water  (for  cooking  rice) 

I1/ 2     c  onions,  chopped 

3/4       c  green  peppers,  chopped 

1         tbsp  salt 

1         tbsp  "Beef"  Seasoning 

3  c  tomatoes,  whole,  broken 
1         tbsp  cumin,  ground 

4  c  tomato  puree 

Cook  rice  2  to  3  hours.  Stir  steam  onions  and 
green  peppers  in  small  amount  of  water.  Mix 
all  ingredients.  Pour  into  9  x  13  baking 
dish(es).  Bake  at  350°  F  for  about  1  hour,  or 
until  hot.   Yield:  10  servings 


RAY'S  CASHEW  GRAVY 


2 

c 

cold  water 

72 

c 

clean,  raw  cashews 

1 

tbsp 

Bragg's  liquid  aminos 

1 

tbsp 

yeast  flakes 

v4 

c 

chopped  onion 

1 

garlic  clove,  minced 

72-i 

tsp 

salt 

Blend  until  smooth.  Cook  on  medium  heat 
until  thick,  stirring  constantly. 

Variation:  Add  a  pinch  of  rosemary. 


BLUEBERRY  PEAR  SAUCE 

1  15  oz    pears  (in  own  juice) 

3         c  blueberries 

Drain  pears,  reserving  a  little  juice.  Blend  1  cup 
of  blueberries  with  pears.  Combine  with 
remaining  blueberries.  Heat  in  saucepan.  Serve 
as  a  topping  for  waffles. 


V. 
7. 


c  salt 

c         fine  cornmeal 


"CHICKEN"  SEASONING 


169 


S'Si@M  TMM  TWMS  ©IF  MS 
Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


1 

c 

salt 

1 

c 

fine  cornmeal 

2/3 

c 

onion,  granulated 

1 

tbsp 

garlic,  granulated 

1V2 

tsp 

thyme 

1 

tbsp 

paprika 

1V2 

tsp 

sweet  basil,  whole 

2 

tbsp 

parsley,  dry 

Combine  ingredients  and  mix  well. 

NUT  ROAST 

2V2 

c 

chopped  celery 

3 

medium  onions,  chopped 

5 

tbsp 

water 

3/4 

c 

chopped  walnut 

3/4 

c 

sunflower  seeds,  ground 

3 

c 

dried  bread  cubes 

2-2  V2 

c 

nut  or  soy  milk 

1V2 

tsp 

salt 

1V4 

tsp 

sweet  basil 

V2       tsp  sage 

Steam  the  first  three  ingredients  with  salt, 
basil,  and  sage.  Combine  all  ingredients  well, 
and  place  in  loaf  pan.  Cover  and  bake  1  hour  at 
350°  F.  Serve  with  a  country  style  gravy. 

TOFU  SQUARES 

1         lb        brick  or  firm  tofu 

Boil  tofu  for  1 5  minutes  in  a  covered  saucepan, 
in  enough  water  to  cover  tofu.  This  makes 
holes  in  the  tofu  for  marinating  seasonings. 

Drain,  and  slice  the  tofu  brick  lengthwise,  then 
slice  crosswise  into  approximately  half-inch 
slices.   Place  these  slices  in  a  baking  dish. 


1 

c 

chopped  onions 

2 

c 

water 

2 

tbsp 

McKay's  chicken-style 

seasoning 

2 

tbsp 

Bragg's  liquid  aminos 

3 

tbsp 

lemon  juice 

1 

tbsp 

honey 

2 

tbsp 

yeast  flakes 

Smother  tofu  squares  with  chopped  onions. 
Mix  remaining  ingredients;  pour  over  tofu  and 
onions.  Bake,  without  covering,  at  300°  F  for 
about  90  minutes,  or  until  the  moisture  is  gone. 


SUNLIGHT 


Tofu  squares  may  be  used  as  burgers;  diced  and 
put  in  salads,  or  stew;  cut  in  strips  to  serve  over 
stir-steamed  vegetables;  or  just  served  as  steaks 
with  gravy. 


RICE  MILK 

1  c         cooked  brown  rice,  hot 

2  c         hot  water 

1/4       tsp       salt      (up  to  V2  tsp) 

Blend  until  smooth. 

SCALLOPED  POTATOES 

(Try  this!   The  finished  product,  is  as  white  as 
dairy  scalloped  potatoes.    Tasty  too.) 

3-4      large    potatoes,  thinly  sliced, 
to  fill  9  x  13  baking  dish 

1  med     onion,  thinly  sliced 

1 1  /2     tsp       salt  (up  to  2  teaspoons) 

2  Recipes  of  Rice  Milk 

Layer  the  sliced  potatoes  and  onion  slices 
alternately  in  a  1V2  quart  casserole  dish. 
Sprinkle  salt  on  each  set  of  layers.  Blend  the 
cooked  brown  rice  with  1  cup  of  the  hot  water; 
add  seasonings  and  the  other  cup  of  water  and 
blend  briefly.  Pour  rice  milk  over  the  potato 
and  onion  slices.  Milk  should  cover  potatoes. 
Bake  at  350°  F.  for  60  minutes,  or  at  450°  F  for 
30  minutes  which  will  make  a  brown  crust. 

Variation:  1  /4  teaspoon  thyme  or  other  herb 
seasoning  may  be  added,  but  dried  herbs  may 
gray  the  finished  product. 


GARBANZO-SOY-OAT  PATTIES 


2 

c 

soaked  garbanzos 

1 

c 

soaked  soybeans 

c 

water 

Vs 

c 

chopped  Brazil  nuts 
(or  choice  of  nuts/seeds) 

2 

tsp 

salt 

1 

small  onion 

1 

clove  garlic 

1 

c 

rolled  oats 

Combine  all  ingredients  except  rolled  oats  in 
blender;  blend  fine.  Place  in  bowl  with  rolled 
oats.  Mix  well,  and  let  stand  10  minutes  for 
oats  to  absorb  moisture.  Form  into  patties  and 
place  on  lightly  oiled  cookie  sheet.  Bake  at 
350°  for  15  minutes;  turn  and  bake  another  15 


4}-^  no 


Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


SUNLIGHT 


minutes.  Serve  with  tomato  sauce, 
patty  servings. 


Yield:  4  2- 


Variations:  Replace  water  with  tomato  juice. 

May  be  baked  as  a  sheet  casserole  in  a  9  x  13 
baking  dish  50  to  60  minutes  at  325°  F,  or  until 
lightly  browned.    Cut  in  squares  to  serve. 


MAZIDRA 

3         c  water 

1         c  lentils 

1  onion,  chopped 

1  clove  garlic,  minced 

1  bay  leaf 

1/8       tsp       thyme  (opt) 

salt  to  taste 

cooked  brown  rice 

Bring  lentils  and  water  to  a  boil,  then  reduce 
heat  and  simmer  for  35-45  minutes,  or  until 
lentils  are  nearly  tender.  Add  seasonings,  and 
simmer  a  few  minutes  to  finish  cooking  lentils, 
and  the  added  seasonings.  The  mixture  should 
be  thick.  Remove  bay  leaf.  Place  lentils  and 
rice  in  separate  serving  bowls;  also,  the 
following  ingredients  in  separate  serving 
bowls.  Each  person  may  make  "haystack"  to 
suite  individual  taste. 

Shredded  lettuce 
Diced  tomatoes 
Chopped  green  onions 
Sliced  olives 
Diced  avocado 

Haystacks  may  be  topped  with  tomato  sauce, 
guacamole,  "Sour  Cream"  or  lemon  juice. 


PASTA  E  FAGIOL 

8  oz        sesame  macaroni  or  soy  noodles 

or  eggless  whole  grain  pasta 

2  16-oz  cans,  tomatoes 

1  c         tomato  sauce 
1  medium  onion,  chopped 

1  clove  garlic,  minced 

1  small  can  of  sliced  olives 

2  15-oz  cans,  red  kidney  beans, 

drained 


1 
1 

v2 

1 


bay  leaf 
tsp  salt 

tsp  each:  oregano  and  basil 
tbsp     chopped  parsley 


Cook  pasta.  Simmer  remaining  ingredients 
about  20  minutes.  Remove  bay  leaf  from  sauce 
mixture  and  combine  with  noodles  in  a  3-quart 
casserole  dish.  Bake  at  350°  F  for  20  minutes. 
Yield:  6  servings. 

Variation:  The  sauce  may  also  be  served  over 
cooked  brown  rice. 

GOURMET  MILLET  BALLS 


2/3  C 

raw  soybeans 

3  c 

water 

Soak  beans  overnight,  or  about  8  hours. 

2  c 

soaked  soybeans,  drained 

72  c 

water 

1 

medium  onion 

Blend  until  smooth,  and  combine  with: 

17a  c 

cooked  millet 

74  c 

sunflower  seeds 

1  c 

seasoned  bread  crumbs 

7a  c 

slivered  almonds 

1  li  tsp 

salt 

Let  mixture  stand  5-10  minutes.  Form  into 
balls.  Roll  in  1  /2  cup  seasoned  bread  crumbs. 
Bake  on  lightly  sprayed  cookie  sheet,  or  line 
pan  with  pan  lining  paper.  Bake  at  350°  F  for 
40  minutes.  Serve  with  tomato  sauce  if  desired. 
Yield:  10  servings. 

Seasoned  Bread  Crumbs:  Break  2  to  3  slices  of 
whole-grain  bread  into  chunks,  and  blend  dry 
briefly.  Add  1 A  tsp  salt,  1  tsp  of  chicken  style 
seasoning,  and  1  /a  tsp  each  of  thyme  and  sage. 

Cook  1 1 2  cup  millet  in  2  cups  of  water  with  1  /2 
teaspoon  salt  until  water  is  absorbed.  (The 
grain  will  finish  cooking  in  the  oven.) 

In  a  hurry?  Pat  lightly  into  a  baking  dish,  Top 
with  crumbs,  if  desired.  Bake  as  for  balls, 
about  45-50  minutes.  Cut  in  squares  to  serve. 


ZE STY  TOMATO  RELISH 


171 


S'Si@M  TMM  TWMS  ©IF  MS 
Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


A 
*± 

c 

cnoppeu  tomatoes,  pacKeci 

1 

tsp 

celery  seed 

1 

large  onion,  minced 

2 

tbsp 

fresh  lemon  juice 

1 

tsp 

salt 

3-4 

dates,  chopped  (opt.) 

1 

tsp 

sweet  basil 

Combine  in  saucepan,  and  simmer  about  30 
minutes.   Yield:  about  4  cups. 

Variation:  For  a  delicious  main  dish,  add 
mung  bean  sprouts  and  serve  over  brown  rice. 
Top  with  toasted  almond  slices. 

STROGANOFF 


The  "Mighty  Mac"  Burger 


1 

c 

soaked  or  cooked  garbanzos 
(scant  1  /2  cup  dry) 

1V2 

c 

water 

2 

c 

rolled  oats 

73 

c 

walnuts,  chopped 

1 

medium  onion,  chopped 

2 

tbsp 

Bragg' s  Liquid  aminos 

or  other  unfermented  soy  sauce 

1 

tsp 

sage 

1 

tsp 

salt 

Blend  first  two  ingredients  until  smooth.  Add 
to  remaining  ingredients  in  a  bowl  and  mix 
well.  Drop  from  1  /3  cup  measure  to  form  patties 
on  non-stick  or  prepared  baking  sheet.  Bake  25 
to  30  minutes  at  350°  F. 


Burgers  may  be  served  on  whole  wheat  burger 
buns  with  all  the  trimmings:  choice  of  no-oil 
mayonnaise,  lettuce,  tomatoes,  onions,  etc.,  or 
they  may  be  served  with  potatoes  and  gravy,  or 
in  this  Stroganoff  recipe. 


GRAVY: 


3 

c 

water 

2 

tbsp 

Bragg's  liquid  aminos 

or  other  unfermented  soy  sauce 

2 

tsp 

arrowroot  powder  or  cornstarch 

1 

c 

clean  raw  cashews 

74 

c 

chopped  onion 

1 

tbsp 

lemon  juice 

74 

tsp 

honey 

y4 

tsp 

salt 

Blend  all  ingredients,  using  only  1  cup  of  the 
water,  until  smooth.   Add  the  other  2  cups  of 


SUNLIGHT 


water  and  blend  briefly.  Cook  over  medium 
heat  until  thick,  stirring  constantly.  Add  more 
water  for  thinner  consistency  if  needed. 

ADD  TO  THE  GRAVY: 

2  c         "Mighty  Mac'  chunks 

1/2       c         stir-steamed  chopped  onion 
1-2      tbsp     finely  chopped  parsley 

Heat  through.  Serve  over  well  cooked  brown 
rice  or  pasta. 

Variation:  Replace  "Mighty  Mac"  with  Simple 
Oat  Burger. 

BAKED  BROWN  RICE 

1         c         brown  rice 
3V2     c         boiling  water 
V2       tsp  salt 

Dextrinize  rice  in  heavy  skillet  over  low  heat, 
stirring  occasionally,  until  it  is  a  very  light 
brown.  Bring  water  to  a  boil.  Put  rice,  water, 
and  salt  in  a  covered  baking  dish,  and  bake  2  to 

3  hours  at  300°  F.  Yields  about  4  cups.  Try 
placing  the  casserole  on  a  shinny  cookie  sheet, 
or  over  a  strip  of  aluminum  foil.  (See  1-Rx  4  for 
more  information  on  cooking  grains.) 


MARINATED  VEGETABLES 

(An  excellent  make-ahead  salad  for  a  crowd) 


v2 

c 

lemon  juice 

1 

c 

water 

74 

c 

chopped  chives  or  green  onions 

or  1  tsp  onion  powder 

1 

tsp 

oregano 

1 

tsp 

dill  weed 

4 

tbsp 

frozen  orange  concentrate 

or  honey 

2 

tsp 

Vegesal  or  sea  salt 

1 

clove  of  garlic,  minced 

or  1  /2  tsp  garlic  powder 

1 

tsp 

sweet  basil 

6 

c 

raw  vegetables 

Mix  all  ingredients  together,  except  the 
vegetables.  Pour  the  mixture  over  the  vege- 
table pieces,  and  marinate  for  at  least  24  hours, 
stirring  occasionally  to  marinate  all  pieces 
well.  This  will  keep  in  the  refrigerator  for 
about  a  week,  unless  consumed  sooner!  A  very 
attractive  and  appealing  combination  can  be 


172 


Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


made  with  broccoli,  cauliflower,  cherry 
tomatoes  and  black  olives. 


APRICOT  J  AM 

I  c         dried  apricots 

I I  /4     c         pitted  prunes  or 

1  cup  pitted  dates 
1  /2       c         crushed  pineapple  (in  own  juice) 

Simmer  first  two  ingredients  in  water  to  cover, 
until  soft.  Add  crushed  unsweetened  pineapple, 
and  blend.  (This  may  just  be  stirred  to  mix 
well,  and  used  as  a  chunky  spread.) 

Variation:  Replace  water  with  pineapple  juice. 

GOURMET  SNAP  BEANS 


2 

lbs 

fresh  green  beans 

y2 

c 

boiling  water 

2 

tsp 

lemon  juice 

2 

tbsp 

minced  fresh  parsley 

1 

tsp 

salt 

dash  of  dill  weed  (optional) 

1-2 

tsp 

tahini,  raw  (optional) 

Wash,  trim,  and  cut  green  beans  as  desired. 
Simmer  until  tender  crisp,  about  10  to  15 
minutes.  Add  salt  and  seasonings.  Stir  tahini 
into  a  tablespoon  or  two  of  the  hot  liquid  to 
make  a  cream,  and  pour  it  over  the  beans.  Toss 
lightly.  Serve.  Yield:  8  servings 


SAVORY  GREEN  BEANS 


1 

lb 

fresh  green  beans 

73 

c 

boiling  water 

3/4 

c 

onion,  minced 

74 

c 

celery,  minced 

1 

garlic  clove,  minced 

74 

c 

parsley,  minced 

74 

tsp 

rosemary  leaves 

y4 

tsp 

sweet  basil  leaves 

3/4 

tsp 

salt 

Wash,  trim,  and  cut  green  beans  as  desired. 
Simmer  until  tender  crisp,  about  10  to  15 
minutes,  adding  onion,  garlic  and  salt  during 
the  last  4  or  5  minutes.  Stir  in  minced  celery 
and  herb  seasoning.  Toss  lightly.  Serve.  Yield: 
4  servings. 


S  UN  LIGHT 


Variation:  Top  with  a  sprinkling  of  pine  nuts 
or  chopped  walnuts. 


MILLET  LOAF 


3 

c 

cooked  millet 

2 

c 

bread  crumbs 

2 

c 

onions,  chopped 

iy2 

c 

celery,  chopped 

2 

tbsp 

chicken-like  seasoning 

1 

c 

cleans,  raw  cashews 

2 

c 

water 

y4 

c 

Bragg's  liquid  aminos 

i 

tsp 

salt 

1-2 

tsp 

sage 

Combine  first  4  ingredients  in  a  bowl.  Blend 
remaining  ingredients;  combine  with  ingre- 
dients in  the  bowl.  Mix  well,  and  put  into  a  9  x 
13  baking  dish.  Bake  30  minutes  at  350°  F. 
OAT  CRISPS 


2 

c 

very  warm  water 

1 

tbsp 

active  dry  yeast 

1 

tbsp 

honey 

1 

tbsp 

molasses 

3 

c 

oats 

2 

c 

whole  wheat  flour 

3/4 

tsp 

salt 

Stir  honey  and  molasses  into  the  water;  add 
yeast  and  stir  to  moisten.  Let  stand  5  minutes. 
Blend  oats  to  a  fine  flour  (IV2  cups  at  a  time). 
Combine  oat  flour  and  yeast  mixture  in  a  large 
bowl.  Add  1  cup  of  the  whole  wheat  flour  and 
salt.  Beat  vigorously  150  strokes.  Stir  in 
remaining  flour.  Drop  by  1  /4  cup  portions  onto 
sprayed  cookie  sheets.  Let  rise  20  to  30  minutes. 
Bake  20  to  30  minutes  at  400°  F.  Very  good 
when  split  and  toasted. 

Variation:  Substitute  8  -  10  dates,  blended  in 
part  of  the  water,  for  honey  and  molasses. 


FRESH  TOMATO  SAUCE  WITH  HERBS 


2 

lbs 

firm  ripe  tomatoes, 

peeled  and  diced 

v2 

c 

sliced  ripe  olives 

1 

tsp 

dried  oregano 

2-4 

tbsp 

chopped  Italian  parsley 

2 

tbsp 

chopped  fresh  basil 

1-2 

garlic  clove,  minced 

salt  to  taste 


173 


S'Si@M  TMM  TWMS  ©IF  MS 
Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


1         lb        whole  grain  spaghetti,  cooked 

Combine  all  ingredients,  except  the  pasta,  in  a 
medium  bowl.  Marinate  at  room  temperature 
for  about  an  hour.  Drain  hot  cooked  pasta,  and 
place  in  a  heated  serving  dish.  Add  the  sauce 
and  toss.  Serve  with  a  cheese-type  topping  if 
desired. 


WHITE  SAUCE/ GRAVY 

2         c         hot  water 

1  /2       c         clean  raw  cashews 

2  tsp       onion  powder 

2         tbsp     arrowroot  powder 
1  /2       tsp  salt 

Blend  until  smooth.  Pour  into  saucepan  and 
bring  to  a  boil.  Add  2  tbsp  yeast  flakes  and/ or 
Bragg's  liquid  aminos  (reducing  salt)  for  gravy. 
The  following  butter  and  cheese-type  spreads 
keep  about  a  week  if  well  refrigerated.  Place 
them  on  the  table  at  serving  time,  and  replace 
them  in  the  refrigerator  as  soon  as  possible. 
Freezing  changes  the  texture.  If  frozen,  they 
may  be  used  in  gravies  and  sauces,  or  used  as 
spreads  if  heated  and  blended  again. 

It  is  not  difficult  to  use  them  within  a  week  as 
they  have  many  uses,  such  as:  sauces  for 
vegetables;  toppings  for  baked  or  mashed 
potatoes;  additions  to  pasta  sauces;  as  salad 
dressings  with  the  addition  of  more  lemon, 
lime,  and/or  orange  juice  and  thinned  to 
desired  consistency;  or  heated  and  thinned  to 
consistency  of  gravy,  adding  chopped  parsley 
or  other  greens,  chopped  onion  and  minced 
garlic,  or  other  preferred  seasonings.  They 
may  be  thinned  with  tomato  or  carrot  juice, 
soy  or  nut  milk. 

For  small  families  you  may  wish  to  make  only 
half  a  recipe  each  of  a  butter-type  and  cheese- 
type  spread.  Or,  make  one  recipe,  such  as  Best 
Like  Butter  for  both  uses,  Pour  1  /2  of  the 
finished  recipe  into  a  serving  dish  for  the 
spread.  Then  add  a  tablespoon  or  two  more  of 
the  nuts/seeds,  and  half  of  the  quantities  of 
onion,  garlic,  pimientos,  and  yeast  flakes 
called  for  in  the  Best  Chez  recipe,  and  blend 
briefly  into  the  remaining  Best  Like  Butter 
recipe.  PRESTO!  Two  products  from  one  recipe! 

Other  grains,  such  as  brown  rice,  millet,  or 
barley,  may  be  used  to  replace  the  polenta.  The 
finished  product  will  be  a  lighter  color.  Other 
nuts  or  seeds  may  be  used  to   replace  the 


SUNLIGHT 


almonds.  Sunflower  seeds  tend  to  gray  the 
finished  product,  and  walnuts  will  turn  it 
brown  if  heated. 


BEST-LIKE  BUTTER 


1V2 

c 

hot  cooked  Polenta 

1 

c 

boiling  water 

c 

blanched  almonds 

c 

cooked  squash  (winter) 

1 

tbsp 

lemon  juice 

1V2 

tsp 

salt 

1 

tbsp 

food  yeast  (opt) 

78 

tsp 

marjoram  (or  3  or  4  fresh  leaves) 
or  rosemary 

Combine  all  ingredients  and  whiz  2  to  3 
minutes.  Place  in  serving  container  and  chill. 
If  all  ingredients  are  hot  the  mixture  should 
blend  with  little  help  from  a  spatula. 

BEST  CHEZ  SAUCE 


172 

c 

hot  cooked  Polenta 

172 

c 

water,  hot 

y2 

c 

blanched  almonds 

or  clean,  raw  cashews 

3 

tbsp 

yeast  flakes 

2 

tsp 

salt 

2-3 

tbsp 

chopped  onion 

1 

clove  garlic,  minced 

1 

4-oz 

jar  of  pimentos 

1 

tbsp 

lemon  juice  (or  more) 

Blend  all  ingredients  until  smooth. 


Variations:  Replace  onion  and  garlic  with  2 
teaspoons  of  onion  powder  or  flakes,  and  1 
teaspoon  of  garlic  powder.  Replace  polenta 
with  cooked  brown  rice.  Replace  pimentos 
with  red  (ripe)  sweet  pepper. 

Note:  Onion  and  bell  pepper  may  be  blanched 
in  the  hot  water  if  preferred. 


BEST  CHEZ  SPREAD 

The  same  as  above,  except  reduce  the  water  to  1 
to  l1  A  cups,  to  make  the  spread  more  firm,  or 
increase  amount  of  polenta  slightly. 

POLENTA 


174 


Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


SUNLIGHT 


GARLIC  BUTTER 

Polenta  is  a  deeD  vellow  coarselv  !?round  corn 

Cook  1  cud  Dolenta  in  4  cuds  of  water  in  a 

1 

c 

water,  hot 

HmiVilp  Vinilpr  or  slow  oooWpr  1  to  1 1  /o  Vimirs 

1 

c 

cooked  polenta  or  millet  (hot) 

Va 

/  Z 

c 

clean,  raw  cashews 

4 

garlic  cloves 

TOFU  MAYONNAISE 

1 

tbsp 

yeast  flakes 

74 

c 

chopped  onion 

1/4       c         sunflower  seeds  (or  Brazil  nuts, 

or  1  tbsp  onion  flakes 

or  clean  raw  cashews) 

2 

tsp 

salt 

1          10.5  oz  silken  tofu,  extra  firm 

4 

tsp 

lemon  juice 

1  /2       c         water,  more  or  less  for  desired 

V2 

c 

sesame  seeds 

consistency 

72 

tsp 

marjoram 

2-3 
I* 


72 


74 
74 


tbsp  lemon  juice 

tsp  salt 

tsp  onion  powder 

tsp  garlic  powder 


Blend  all  ingredients  until  smooth.  This  will 
keep  about  a  week  in  the  refrigerator. 

Variation:  Omit  onion  and  garlic  powders,  and 
replace  water  with  pineapple  juice,  for  a  fruit 
salad  dressing. 


Blend  all  but  the  last  three  ingredients  until 
smooth,  about  2  minutes.  Briefly  whiz  in 
sesame  seeds  and  herbs.  Spread  on  bread  slices 
and  broil. 


QUICK  GARLIC  BUTTER 


7: 

7. 


c         tahini,  raw 

c  water 

clove  garlic,  minced  very  fine 
or  tsp  garlic  powder 
salt  to  taste  (l  /2  to  1  tsp) 


Stir  smooth  with  fork.  Spread  on  bread  and 
broil,  or  use  cold  as  a  spread. 

EARLY  MORNING  POTATO  PANCAKES 


5-7 

potatoes  (may  use  leftovers) 

73 

c 

Rice  Milk   (may  need  slightly 

more) 

2-3 

tbsp 

minced  onion 

or  1  tsp  onion  powder 

y4 

c 

chopped  parsley 

Steam  potatoes  until  tender.  Mash  smooth 
with  rice  milk  and  potato  water  as  needed. 
Potatoes  should  be  moist  to  form  into  patties. 
Place  on  lightly  sprayed  baking  sheet.  Bake  at 
400°  F,  20  to  40  minutes,  turning  once. 
Pancakes  should  form  a  brown  crust.  Serve 
with  fresh  parsley  and  tomatoes. 


1 

3 

y2 


GOLDEN  GRAVY 

c         yellow  split  peas 
c  water 
tsp  salt 


175 


Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


SUNLIGHT 


Simmer  split  peas  in  the  water  until  tender,  30 
to  60  minutes.  Add  salt  and  choice  of  seasoning 
(touch  of  rosemary,  marjoram,  sage,  or  dill). 
Stir  smooth,  or  blend  briefly  for  a  smoother 
texture.  Add  more  water  or  tomato  juice,  if 
needed,  for  desired  consistency. 

Good  topping  for  brown  rice  or  baked  potato. 


"SOUR  CREAM" 

c         cooked  brown  rice,  hot 
/2       c         cashews,  washed  (or  sunseeds) 
/3       c         lemon  juice 

tsp  salt 

clove  garlic 

or  1  /2  tsp  garlic  powder 
2-3      tbsp     onion  or  1  tsp  onion  powder 
IV3     c         water,  hot 

Whiz  all  ingredients  together  in  blender  till 
smooth.    Chill  and  serve. 

Note:  If  very  hot  water  is  used,  the  cashews  will 
thicken  the  cream. 


SUNNY  SPREAD 

1 

c 

plus  2  tbsp  boiling  water 

1V2 

c 

cooked  polenta,  hot 

c 

sunflower  seeds 

1 

tbsp 

lemon  juice 

iv2 

tsp 

salt 

c 

carrots  (cooked) 

1 

tbsp 

macaroon  coconut 

(unsweetened) 

78 

tsp 

rosemary 

Cooked  polenta  must  be  hot.  Combine  all 
ingredients  in  blender.  Whiz  2  to  3  minutes. 
Pour  into  serving  dish(es) .  Chill  to  set. 

Variations:  Cooked  brown  rice  or  millet  may 
be  used  in  the  same  proportions.  Also,  other 
seeds/nuts  may  be  used,  such  as  sesame, 
almonds,  or  cashews. 


Blend  until  smooth.  Add  1  tbsp  Bragg's  liquid 
aminos  if  desired,  and  more  liquid  if  needed. 
Heat ,  serve. 

DILL  DIP 


c 

sunseeds 

y4 

c 

water 

3-4 

tbsp 

lemon  juice,  fresh 

1 

clove  garlic,  minced  fine 

or  1  /4  tsp  garlic  powder 

2 

tbsp 

onion,  minced  fine 

or  1  tsp  onion  powder 

1 

tsp 

celery  salt 

1 

10-oz 

tofu 

Blend  above  ingredients  until  smooth.  If 
necessary,  add  more  water  to  make  desired 
consistency.  Stir  in: 

1         tsp       dill  weed. 

This  will  keep  about  a  week  when  refrigerated. 


PECAN  LOAF 

(Excellent  for  sandwiches  too) 


3 

c 

soft  bread  crumbs 

1V2 

c 

pecan  meal 

1 

c 

chopped  onion 

2 

c 

tomato  juice  or  sauce 

1 

tsp 

onion  powder 

1-2 

garlic  cloves,  minced 

3/4 

tsp 

salt 

homemade  Ketchup 

Stir- steam  onion  and  garlic  in  small  amount 
of  the  tomato  juice.  Combine  all  ingredients 
except  the  ketchup,  and  mix  well.  Bake  45  to  50 
minutes  at  350°  F  in  a  covered  casserole. 
Uncover,  and  spread  ketchup  over  top  of  loaf, 
and  bake  an  additional  10  minutes.  Serve  with 
extra  ketchup. 

If  you  are  fortunate  to  have  some  of  the  loaf  left 
over,  serve  in  sandwiches  with  sprouts,  onion, 
and  tomato  slices,  and  homemade  mustard. 


1 

2 
2 


GARBANZO  GRAVY 

c  cooked  garbanzos 

c  garbanzo  liquid  and  water 

tbsp  clean,  raw  cashews 

tbsp  onion  flakes  (or  1  tbsp  powder) 


SCALLOPED  APPLES 

2         c         soft  bread  crumbs 

(whole  grain  is  best) 
3-4     c         apples,  chopped 


4}-[P^  176 


Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


u 

c 

nuts,  chopped 

u 

tsp 

grated  lemon  rind,  fresh  (opt.) 

tbsp 

ground  coriander  (opt.) 

ll 

c 

dates,  chopped 

/2 

c 

water 

Simmer  dates  in  water  until  soft.  Stir  in 
flavorings.  Mix  with  remaining  ingredients. 
Place  in  a  baking  dish,  and  bake  at  350°  F  for 
30  minutes. 


APPLE-RICE  BETTY 


2 

c 

well  cooked  brown  rice 

V3 

c 

raisins 

or  1  /4  cup  chopped  dates 

1 

tbsp 

lemon  juice 

tsp 

grated  lemon  rind,  fresh  (Opt.) 

y4 

c 

chopped  nuts 

2 

large  apples,  diced 

2-3 

tbsp 

frozen  apple  juice  concentrate 

3/4 

c 

water 

Simmer  apples  in  water  until  tender.  Add 
remaining  ingredients  and  steam  until  heated 
through.  Serve  with  Blueberry  Pear  Sauce. 


MOCK  FISH  PATTIE 


1 

1# 

brick  of  tofu,  drained  ,  mashed 

SPROUTED  WHEAT  TABOULI 

2 

c 

sprouted  wheat  berries 

(Leaf  blade  as  long  as  grain) 

1 

small  cucumber,  diced  I1  /2  cup) 

1 

green  pepper,  seeded  and  diced 

1 

tomato,  diced 

1 

scallion,  diced,  or 

V4  cup  sliced  green  onion 

1 

c 

chopped  parsley 

y4 

c 

celery,  diced  (with  leaves) 

2-4 

tbsp 

lemon  juice 

1 

c 

cooked  garbanzos  or 

other  legume  (optional) 


Combine  all  ingredients,  and  toss  to  mix.  Cover 
and  refrigerate  overnight  before  serving.  This 
salad  will  keep  a  few  days. 

KETCHUP  II 

1 1  /2     c         tomato  puree 
3         tbsp     lemon  juice 


SUNLIGHT 


V3 

c 

finely  chopped  onions 

2 

c 

alfalfa  sprouts 

74 

c 

tahini,  raw 

1 

tbsp 

dried  parsley 

V4 

c 

sunflower  seeds,  finely  ground 

1 

tsp 

Vegesal 

tsp 

each,  garlic  powder,  sage,  and 

rosemary 

74 

tsp 

onion  powder 

Mix  all  ingredients  well.  Form  into  6  large 
patties.  Bake  on  sprayed  baking  sheets  at  350° 
F  20  minutes  each  side.  (Turn  patties  carefully 
as  they  are  delicate.) 

These  are  delicious  with  home  made 
mayonnaise  or  tartar  sauce. 


OKARA  BREAD 


4 

c 

soybean  residue  (from  soy  milk) 

1 

c 

rolled  oats 

3 

c 

whole  wheat  flour 

72 

c 

gluten  flour 

2-3 

tsp 

salt 

Mix  well.    Spread  crumbly  mixture  onto  two 

cookie  sheets. 

Bake  at  350°  F  until  brown. 

Note:  This  is  also  a  very  good  dog  and  cat  food. 

6 

tbsp 

crushed  pineapple  (own  juice) 

iy2 

tsp 

onion  powder 

y4 

tsp 

garlic  powder 

y4 

tsp 

salt 

Blend  crushed  pineapple.  Combine  with  other 

ingredients.  Chill  and  serve. 

CORN  AND  SQUASH  CASSEROLE 

(This  is  excellent.  Try  it  soon) 

2 

c 

fresh  corn,  cut  from  cob 

(or  whole  kernel  canned/frozen) 

2 

c 

coarsely  grated  winter  squash 

v2 

c 

water 

72 

c 

chopped  onion 

y2 

c 

chopped  green  and/or  red  pepper 

y4 

tsp 

each,  oregano  and  sweet  basil, 

or  seasonings  of  your  choice 

i 

tsp 

salt 

y2 

c 

nut  or  soy  cream, 

or  Best  Chez  Sauce 

177 


S'Si@M  TMM  TWMS  ©IF  MS 
Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


Steam  vegetables  in  the  water  until  tender.  Add 
seasonings,  milk  or  spread.  Reheat  on  stove 
top,  or  turn  into  a  casserole  dish  and  heat  a  few 
minutes  in  the  oven. 

If  you  are  using  fresh  corn  that  is  a  bit  starchy 
it  may  take  more  water.  The  liquid  should  be 
nearly  absorbed  when  vegetables  are  tender. 

Many  who  dislike  squash  have  relished  this. 
SWE  ET  AND  SOUR  CARROTS 


2 

tbsp 

liquid  from  olives 

y4 

tsp 

rosemary 

y4 

tsp 

thyme 

v2 

lb 

carrots  (4  medium)  scrubbed  and 

sliced  into  1  /4  inch  rounds 

3/4 

c 

carrot  juice 

y2 

tsp 

salt 

y4 

c 

chopped  fresh  parsley 

3 

garlic  cloves,  minced  (optional) 

Heat  olive  liquid  with  dried  herbs  in  a  small 
saucepan.  Add  carrots,  stirring  to  coat  with 
herb  mixture.  Add  carrot  juice,  lemon  juice, 
and  salt,  and  bring  to  boil.  Lower  heat  and  cook 
slowly,  uncovered,  until  carrots  are  tender, 
about  20  minutes.  Just  enough  liquid  should  be 
left  to  lightly  coat  the  carrots.  Remove  from 
heat.  Stir  in  parsley  and  minced  garlic. 
Yield:  2  side-dish  servings. 


ONION  AND  TOMATO  QUICHE 

Crust: 

1         c         millet  meal 

1         c         pecans  or  walnuts 

1  /2       tsp  salt 

Blend  dry  millet  to  a  fine  meal.  Remove  from 
blender.  Blend  nuts  and  salt  until  buttery.  Add 
millet  meal  and  blend.  Transfer  to  a  pie  dish, 
and  add  enough  water  to  bind  together.  Press 
into  the  pie  dish. 


Filli 

ng: 

2 

large  onions,  thinly  sliced 

2 

large  tomatoes,  sliced 

1V2 

c 

soy  or  nut  milk 

2V2 

tbsp 

arrowroot  (or  cornstarch) 

1 

tsp 

oregano 

1 

tsp 

sweet  basil 

1-2 

garlic  cloves,  minced 

AIR 


1  /2       tsp  salt 

Stir-steam  onions  in  about  2  tablespoons  of 
water  until  just  tender.  Arrange  onions  in 
crust,  and  top  with  tomato  slices.  Whisk  soy 
milk,  arrowroot  powder,  and  herbs  together, 
and  pour  over  onion  and  tomato.  Sprinkle  with 
chopped  parsley  to  garnish.  Bake  40  minutes  at 
375°  F,  or  until  firm  and  golden.  Serve  with 
steamed  vegetables  or  salad. 

SPANISH  RICE 


4  c  well-cooked  brown  rice 

1  /2  c  blended  stewed  tomatoes 
(maybe  strained,  or  juice) 

1  bay  leaf 

1  small  onion,  minced 

1  clove  garlic,  whole 

1  /4  tsp  cumin 

1  /4  tsp  paprika 

V4  tsp  onion  powder 

1  tsp  chicken-like  seasoning 


Bring  liquids  and  seasonings  to  a  boil,  and  add 
rice.  Simmer  on  low  heat  for  a  few  minutes. 
Remove  bay  leaf  and  serve. 


TAMALE  PIE 


2 

c 

whole  kernel  corn 

(16-oz  can  with  liquid) 

2V2 

c 

canned  tomatoes  (or  fresh) 

v4 

c 

tomato  paste  (opt.) 

1 

large  onion,  finely  chopped 

1 

6-oz 

can  pitted  olives,  sliced  or  whole 

1V2 

t 

salt 

1 

large  clove  garlic,  minced 

1 

c 

soaked  garbanzos 

v4 

c 

sunflower  seeds 

c 

water  or  tomato  juice 

1V4 

c 

cornmeal 

y4 

tsp 

each,  oregano  and  sweet  basil 

or  1  /2  tsp  oregano 

2 

tsp 

paprika 

Stir- steam  onion  and  garlic  in  2  to  4 
tablespoons  of  olive  liquid  to  wilt.  Blend 
soaked  garbanzos  and  water  until  smooth.  Stir 
all  ingredients  together  and  pour  into  a  large 
covered  casserole  dish.  Bake,  covered,  at  325° 
F  for  about  60  minutes.  Uncover,  and  bake  an 
additional  15  to  20  minutes,  or  until  firm. 


d)Q[r^  178 


Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


AIR 


PITA  BREAD  CHIPS 

Whole  wheat  pita  bread,  made  without  oil 

Separate  top  and  bottom  layer  of  pita  bread  if 
desired.  Cut  into  pie-shaped  wedges.  Place  on  a 
cookie  sheet.  Bake  at  250°  F  for  about  10 
minutes,  or  until  dry  and  crisp. 

OAT  CRACKERS 

1         c         rolled  oats 
1         tsp  salt 
1         c  water 
Sesame  seeds 

Blend  all  ingredients  until  smooth.  Pour  onto 
cookie  sheet,  and  sprinkle  with  sesame  seeds. 
Bake  at  400°  F  for  10  minutes.  Score  for 
crackers.  Continue  baking  at  350°  F  until  very 
light  brown.  Remove  crackers  from  outer  edges 
as  they  brown  to  prevent  burning. 


CORN  AND  BEAN  PIE 

Blend  1 1%  cup  of  sesame  seeds  to  a  fine  meal. 
Use  2  tablespoons  of  the  meal  in  the  filing;  the 
balance  in  the  crust. 


Bake  in  a  350°  oven  30  minutes.  Top  with 
olives,  and  a  cheese-type  sauce  such  as  Best 
Chez  Spread,  if  desired;  bake  10  minutes  more. 


Fili 

ng: 

3 

c 

cooked  kidney  beans 

1 

tsp 

salt 

y2 

c 

celery,  chopped 

i 

green  pepper,  chopped 

y2 

c 

tomatoes,  stewed  (or  fresh) 

cut  in  pieces 

i 

c 

corn  kernels  (fresh,  canned, 

or  frozen) 

i 

onion,  chopped 

2 

tbsp 

sesame  seed  meal 

y2 

tsp 

cumin  seeds 

v2 

tsp 

oregano 

v2 

c 

sliced  black  olives 

Stir-steam  vegetables  in  2  to  4  tablespoons  of 
liquid  from  olives,  until  wilted  (onion  should 
be  transparent).  Add  seasonings,  kidney  beans, 
reserved  liquid,  and  2  tablespoons  of  the 
sesame  seed  meal.  Turn  into  the  corn  meal 
shell. 


Shell: 

1V2 

c 

cornmeal 

3/4 

c 

hot  water 

c 

sesame  seed  meal 

y2 

tsp 

salt 

Mix  together,  and  press  into  the  bottom  and 
sides  of  a  9  x  13  baking  dish. 


AMERICAN  CHEESE 


1 

c 

water 

73 

c 

plus  1  rounded  tbsp 
Ernes  unflavored  gelatin 

iy4 

c 

boiling  water 

iy2 

c 

raw  cashews 

74 

c 

yeast  flakes 

i 

tbsp 

salt 

2 

tbsp 

onion 

1 

clove  garlic  (small) 

y4 

c 

lemon  juice  (fresh  is  best) 

i 

pimento, 

orV2  large,  ripe, sweet  pepper, 
or  about  2  tsp  paprika 

Soak  gelatin  in  the  1  cup  of  water  in  liquefier 
while  assembling  remaining  ingredients.  Pour 
boiling  water  over  soaked  gelatin  and  whiz 
briefly  to  dissolve.  Cool  slightly.  Add  cashews 
and  liquefy  thoroughly.  Add  remaining 
ingredients.  Liquefy  until  mixture  is  the 
consistency  of  a  creamy  sauce,  with  no  bits  of 
pimiento  visible.  Pour  into  a  large  quart  mold, 
and  cool  slightly.  Cover  before  refrigerating. 
Refrigerate  overnight  before  serving.  After 
firming  in  the  refrigerator,  this  cheese  may  be 
frozen  until  needed.  Makes  about  1  quart. 

This  "cheese"  has  the  consistency  of  dairy 
American  cheese,  and  can  be  thinly  sliced. 

Note:  Use  half  the  recipe  for  small  blenders. 


GUACAMOLE 


2 

ripe  avocados 

2 

tbsp 

chopped  tomato 

1 

tbsp 

fresh  lemon  juice 

2 

tsp 

finely  chopped  onion 

179 


S'Si@M  TMM  TWMS  ©IF  MS 
Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


1  /2       tsp  salt 

1  small  clove  garlic,  minced 

or  garlic  salt  to  taste 

Blend  or  mash  avocados  until  smooth.  Stir  in 
remaining  ingredients.  Keep  refrigerated  in  an 
airtight  container.  Use  within  24  hours. 

Tip:  When  storing  in  refrigerator,  cover  surface 
of  Guacamole  with  a  thin  layer  of  lemon  juice 
to  prevent  browning.  Pour  off  or  stir  in  when 
ready  to  serve. 

Variation:   For  salad  dressing,  add  tomato  or 
vegetable  juice  to  make  desired  consistency 
REFRIED  BEANS 


2 

c 

cooked  pinto  beans 

1 

can 

tomato  sauce 

1 

small  onion,  chopped 

1 

clove  garlic,  minced 

y2 

tsp 

oregano 

y2 

tsp 

salt 

v4 

tsp 

cumin 

cilantro,  to  taste  (opt) 


Stir-steam  onion  until  tender.  Blend  (or  mash) 
beans  with  tomato  sauce  until  mostly  smooth. 
Stir  ingredients  together.  Bake  in  a  casserole 
dish  20  to  30  minutes  at  325°  F.  or  simmer  in  a 
skillet,  stirring  frequently 


AIR 


BEAN  SPREAD 


2 

c 

cooked  beans  or  garbanzos 

72 

c 

finely  chopped  celery 

y2 

c 

finely  chopped  sweet  pepper 

y2 

c 

chopped  olives 

y2 

c 

no-oil  mayonnaise 

or  cheese  type  spread 

or  3  tbsp  tahini  +  2  tbsp  lemon 

juice 


Mash  beans.  Stir  in  other  ingredients.  Chill 
and  serve.  This  may  be  blended  for  a  smoother 
texture.   Add  a  touch  of  herbs  if  desired. 


POPPY  SEED  DRESSING 


3 

tbsp 

orange  juice 

3 

tbsp 

lemon  juice 

2 

tbsp 

honey  or  4  to  5  dates 

y2 

c 

clean,  raw  cashews 

y2 

tsp 

paprika 

v2 

tsp 

celery  salt 

grated  onion  to  taste 

salt  to  taste 

i 

tbsp 

poppy  seeds 

Blend  all  ingredients  except  poppy  seeds, 
adding  a  small  amount  of  water  if  needed.  Stir 
in  poppy  seeds. 


SALSA  RANCH  ERA 


1 

onion,  chopped 

3/4 

c 

chopped  green  pepper 

74 

c 

chopped  fresh  parsley 

2 

tbsp 

fresh  cilantro,  or  1  tsp  dried 

2 

cloves  garlic,  minced 

74 

tsp 

ground  cumin 

74 

tsp 

ground  oregano 

4 

c 

fresh  tomatoes,  chopped 

1-2 

tbsp 

fresh  lemon  juice 

74 

tsp 

fresh  grated  lemon  rind 

salt  to  taste 


Combine  all  ingredients  and  mix  well.  Best  if 
allowed  to  stand,  refrigerated,  for  a  few  hours, 
to  let  flavors  blend.  Keep  refrigerated  in  an 
airtight  container. 

Variations:  (1)  add  2  to  3  tbsp  of  tomato  paste. 


ORANGE  'N  ONION  WITH  GREENS  SALAD 


1 

small  onion,  finely  chopped 

1 

orange,  sectioned, 

2 

tbsp 

lemon  juice 

y4 

tsp 

lemon  zest 

i 

tbsp 

frozen  orange  juice  (opt.) 

y4 

tsp 

tarragon  or  dill  weed 

i 

sliced  cucumber 

2 

tbsp 

scallions,  minced 

salt  to  taste 

1 

sliced  avocado  (optional) 

4 

c 

salad  greens 

Cut  orange  sections  into  bite-sized  pieces. 
Marinate  the  onion,  orange,  and  salad  dressing 
ingredients  in  a  salad  bowl  for  about  an  hour. 
Break  the  salad  greens  into  the  bowl,  and  add 
the  rest  of  the  ingredients.  Toss  all  together 
just  before  serving. 


180 


Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


AIR 


CAROB  FUDGE  FROSTING 

Heat  in  sauce  pan  until  thick: 

1  /2       c  water 

1/3       c         carob  powder 

Remove  from  heat.  With  electric  mixer  cream 
above  mixture  together  with  the  following: 


u 

c 

water 

/2 

c 

date  butter 

u 

c 

smooth,  raw,  almond  butter 

tsp 

vanilla 

/a 

tsp 

salt 

u 

c 

soy  milk  powder  (without  added 
oils  or  other  harmful  additives) 

Spread  on  Carob  Brownies 

JACK  CHEESE 


1 1  /2     c         water,  or  more  (up  to  2  cups) 
1         c         honey  (or  less) 
1         tsp       Postum  (opt)  or  similar  product 
1         tsp  salt 

Blend  the  above  ingredients  until  very  smooth. 
Add  to,  and  mix  with: 

4         c         whole  wheat  bread  crumbs 

(Chunks  of  soft  bread,  blended 

Pour  into  9  x  12  baking  dish  or  cake  pan.  I  f 
making  unfrosted  brownies,  add  a  few  chopped 
walnuts  to  the  batter  Bake  40  to  50  minutes  at 
300°  F.  Top  with  Carob  Fudge  Frosting. 

Variation:  Replace  2  cups  of  cashews  with  1  cup 
cashews  plus  1  cup  hot  cooked  rice  or  millet, 
and  reduce  water  to  1  to  1 1  /4  cups. 


v3 


1V2 


72 

72 
3 

2-4 


1 


c  water 

c         plus  1  rounded  tablespoon 
Ernes  unflavored  gelatin 

c         boiling  water 

c         clean,  raw  cashews 

c         yeast  flakes 

c         lemon  juice,  fresh 

tbsp     carrot  (finely  grated) ,  packed 

tbsp     fresh  onion,  or 

2  teaspoons  onion  powder 

tbsp  salt 


Soak  gelatin  in  the  1  cup  of  water  in  liquefier 
while  assembling  remaining  ingredients.  Pour 
boiling  water  over  soaked  gelatin  and  whiz 
briefly  to  dissolve.  Cool  slightly.  Add  cashews 
and  liquefy  thoroughly.  Add  remaining 
ingredients.  Liquefy  until  mixture  is  the 
consistency  of  a  creamy  sauce,  with  no  bits  of 
carrot  visible.  Pour  into  mold(s).  Refrigerate 
overnight  before  serving.  After  firming  in  the 
refrigerator  this  cheese  may  be  frozen  until 
needed.  Makes  1  quart. 

Do  not  substitute  agar  for  the  Ernes  gelatin  as  it 
does  not  give  good  results. 


2 
1 

72 


3/4 


CAROB  BROWNIES 

c  clean,  raw  cashews 

tbsp  vanilla 

tsp  maple  flavoring 

tbsp  tahini 

c  carob  powder 


OLD  WORLD  BREAD 

2 

c 

lukewarm  water 

1 

tbsp 

yeast 

1 

tbsp 

honey  or  other  sweetener 

y2 

c 

gluten  flour 

y4 

c 

carob  powder 

y2 

c 

rolled  oats 

2 

c 

rye  flour 

73 

c 

molasses 

1 

tbsp 

salt 

2 

c 

whole  wheat  flour  (hard  wheat) 

Put  water,  honey  and  yeast  in  a  bowl  to  soften. 
Stir  together  gluten  flour,  carob  powder,  oats, 
rye  flour,  and  salt,  and  add  to  yeast  mixture. 
Stir  in  molasses.  Let  stand  for  10  minutes.  Add 
whole  wheat  flour  to  make  a  stiff  dough.  Knead 
vigorously  for  10  minutes,  until  dough  is  moist 
but  not  sticky.  Allow  to  rise  until  double  in 
bulk.  Punch  down.  Shape  into  2  round  loaves, 
and  place  them  on  a  cookie  sheet.  Let  rise  45 
minutes.  Preheat  oven  to  350°  F.  Bake  loaves 
for  1  hour,  or  until  done. 


CORN  BREAD 

(Yeast  raised) 


2V2 

c 

warm  water 

1 

tbsp 

dry  yeast 

2 

dates 

2 

c 

whole  grain  corn  meal 

73 

c 

sunflower  or  sesame  seeds 

blended  dry  to  a  fine  meal 

1 

c 

whole  wheat  flour 

S&l  181 


Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


AIR 


l1/ 4  tsp 


salt 


Blend  dates  and  warm  water.  Add  yeast,  and  let 
stand  until  it  foams.  Mix  dry  ingredients.  Add 
yeast  mixture  and  stir  well.  Pour  into  a 
shallow  baking  pan  and  let  stand  10  minutes. 
Bake  45  minutes  at  375°  F.    Yield:  16  servings. 


CORN  MUFFINS 

(Yeast  raised) 


2 

c 

very  warm  water 

1 

tbsp 

yeast 

l3/4 

c 

w.w.  flour  (hard  wheat) 

y4 

c 

nut  or  seed  meal,  very  fine 

1-2 

tbsp 

sweetening  or  2  -  3  dates,  minced 

2 

c 

cornmeal 

1 

tsp 

salt 

Stir  sweetening  into  the  warm  water  and 
sprinkle  the  yeast  onto  the  water.  Let  it  rest 
until  the  yeast  pops  up.  Stir  in  the  other 
ingredients  and  beat  with  a  wire  beater  or 
spoon.  Let  batter  rise  in  a  warm  place  20  to  30 
minutes.  Whip  again,  Fill  muffin  tins  V2  full- 
er drop  large  spoonsful  onto  baking  pan. 
Smooth  top,  and  let  rise  in  warm  place  5  to  8 
minutes.  Bake  40  to  45  minutes  at  375°  F.  May 
be  baked  as  sheet  corn  bread,  45  to  50  minutes. 


1 

2-3 


2 
4 

73 

10-12 

2 


QUICK  'N  EASY  BREAD 

c         warm  water 

dates,  minced,  or  blended  in 

part  of  liquid, 

or  other  sweetener 
tbsp  yeast 
c         very  warm  water 
c         sesame  or  other  seed  meal 
c         whole  wheat  flour 
tsp  salt 


Stir  sweetener  into  1  cup  warm  water,  and 
sprinkle  the  yeast  on  top.  Stir  4  to  5  cups  of 
whole  wheat  flour  into  the  4  cups  of  very  warm 
to  hot  water,  and  stir  vigorously  a  few  minutes. 
(The  very  warm  to  hot  water  quickly  brings  out 
the  gluten.)  If  necessary,  cool  a  little,  then  stir 
in  the  yeast  mixture,  and  let  rise.  Stir  in  the 
rest  of  the  flour  for  a  firm  dough,  and  knead 
lightly.  Form  into  loaves  or  buns,  and  let  rise 
15  to  20  minutes.  Preheat  oven  to  425°  to  450° 
F.  When  bread  is  placed  in  the  oven  reduce  heat 
to  350°  F,  and  bake  45  to  50  minutes  for  buns, 
and  50  to  60  minutes  for  bread.   (The  very  hot 


oven  causes  the  bread  to  rise  quickly  as  it  starts 
to  bake.) 


BANANA-NUT  MUFFINS 


3 

c 

whole  wheat  flour 

c 

oat  flour 

or  unbleached  white  flour 

17a 

c 

warm  water 

2 

c 

mashed  bananas 

72 

c 

chopped  nuts  or  seeds 

2 

tbsp 

yeast 

2 

tbsp 

honey  or  other  sweetener 

2 

tbsp 

raw  tahini 

1 

tsp 

salt 

Mix  water  and  sweetener  together,  and  sprinkle 
on  the  yeast.  Let  it  rest  5  minutes.  Stir  in 
remaining  ingredients.  Fill  oiled  muffin  tins 
1/2  full  with  batter,  or  drop  by  large  spoonsful 
onto  an  oiled  cookie  sheet.  Let  rise  10  to  15 
minutes.  Bake  30  to  35  minutes  at  350°  F. 
Makes  18  muffins. 

MIX  'N  BAKE  BREAD 


1 

c 

warm  water 

1 

tbsp 

diastatic  malt  or  2  dates,  minced 

2 

tbsp 

yeast 

4 

c 

very  warm  water 

8-10 

c 

whole  wheat  flour,  warm 

1 

c 

oat  flour  (rolled  oats,  blended) 

1 

c 

rolled  oats 

73 

c 

sesame  seeds, 

blended  dry  to  a  fine  meal 

2 

tsp 

salt 

Add  minced  dates  or  malt  to  1  cup  warm  water, 
and  sprinkle  the  yeast  over  this  mixture.  Let 
rest  until  frothy.  Add  rolled  oats,  sesame  seed 
meal,  and  salt  to  the  rest  of  the  water,  so  oats 
can  absorb  water  while  yeast  is  starting.  Add 
frothy  yeast  mixture.,  and  stir  in  the  flours  to 
make  a  firm,  but  soft  dough.  Let  rest  10  to  15 
minutes.  Sprinkle  l1  /2  to  2  tbsp  quick  rolled 
oats  on  bottom  of  2  bread  pans.  Moisten  hands, 
and  shape  dough  into  2  loaves,  and  place  in 
prepared  pans.  Let  rise  15  to  20  minutes. 
Preheat  oven  to  425°;  reduce  to  350°  when  bread 
is  placed  in  the  oven;  bake  50  to  60  minutes. 

Variations:  Replace  1  to  2  cups  of  flour(s)  with 
1  to  2  cups  of  rye  flour  or  1  to  2  cups  of  corn 
meal  (add  cornmeal  to  warm  water  to  absorb 
liquid  while  yeast  is  starting).  Add  2  tbsp 
caraway  seeds  to  rye  bread  batter,  or  1  tsp 


S&l  182 


IPSi@M  TIES  TEMM  ©IP  MIPS 
Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


AIR 


oregano  to  corn  bread  batter,  if  desired.  Re- 
place sesame  seed  meal  with  other  seeds/nuts. 


SESAME-OAT  ROLLS 

(Daiiyless  -  Eggless) 


Sponge: 
2  c 
1  c 
1V2  tbsp 

72  c 


Plus  2  tbsp  warm  water 

rolled  oats 

yeast 

honey 


Mix  above  ingredients  and  let  rest  until  bubbly. 
Then  add  the  following,  and  mix  well: 

1  /3       c         sesame  seed  meal 
(blended  dry  seeds) 
1  /2       tbsp  salt 

5V2     c         hard  whole  wheat  flour 
(may  need  6  cups  flour) 

Add  the  least  amount  of  flour  for  a  soft,  light, 
dough.  Just  mix  until  the  dough  is  thoroughly 
combined.  Lastly  add  2 /3  cup  sesame  seeds. 

Place  in  an  oiled  bowl.  Let  double.  Punch 
down.  Divide  into  12  pieces,  shape  into  rolls 
(small  balls). 

These  will  rise  a  lot,  so  give  them  plenty  of 
room.  Bake  at  350°  F  for  25  to  35  minutes,  till 
golden  on  bottom. 


CORN  SOY  MUFFINS  (OR  STICKS) 


2 

c 

soaked  soybeans  (3  A  cup  dry) 

2 

c 

water 

y2 

ripe  banana  (may  use  whole) 

73 

c 

sesame  OR  sun  seeds  (optional) 

1V2 

tsp 

salt 

v4 

c 

rolled  oats 

iv2 

c 

fine  cornmeal 

y2 

c 

oat  flour 

Blend  dry  rolled  oats  to  make  flour.  Place  in 
mixing  bowl  with  cornmeal.  Blend  first  six 
ingredients  until  smooth.  Stir  into  cornmeal 
and  oat  flour  mixture.  Bake  in  prepared, 
preheated  iron  gem  pans,  or  muffin  pans.  Bake 
35  to  40  minutes  at  375°  F.  Yield:  14  corn  sticks. 

Variations:  Oat  flour  may  be  replaced  with 
additional  cornmeal,  or   whole  wheat  flour. 


Cornmeal  may  be  replaced  with  millet  meal. 
Replace  banana  with  4  to  6  dates;. 

Note:  For  a  tender  crust  and  moist  texture,  slip 
hot  cornsticks  into  a  covered  casserole  to  cool 


CORN  SOY  MUFFINS  WITH  BUCKWHEAT 


73 

2/3 
1 


c         buckwheat  groats 
c         hot  water 

recipe  Corn  Soy  Muffins 


Heat  water  to  scalding.  Remove  the  pan  from 
the  heat,  and  stir  in  the  buckwheat  groats.  Let 
stand  while  preparing  Corn  Soy  Muffin  recipe. 
Stir  in  groats,  and  bake  as  directed. 


PRUNE-DATE  JAM 

1         c         pitted  prunes 
1         c         chopped  dates 
1         c         orange  juice 

Simmer  all  ingredients  for  5  minutes.  Blend 
until  smooth  and  creamy;   or  mash  fairly 
smooth  for  a  chunky  jam.  Crushed,  or  diced 
dried,  pineapple,  chopped  nuts  may  be  added. 
"CHILI" 


2V2 

c 

dry  red  beans 

2 

qts 

water 

73 

c 

chopped  celery 

73 

c 

chopped  green  pepper 

73 

c 

chopped  onion 

1 

tbsp 

Bragg's  Liquid  aminos 

1 

tbsp 

honey,  or  2  chopped  dates  (opt) 

1 

tbsp 

salt 

2 

tsp 

cumin 

4 

c 

tomatoes,  crushed 

Soak  beans  overnight.  Drain,  then  cover  beans 
with  1 1  /2  to  2  quarts  of  water,  so  that  there  is  2" 
of  water  over  top  of  the  beans.  Simmer  for  2-3 
hours,  or  until  tender.  Add  vegetables  and 
seasonings,  and  simmer  until  vegetables  are 
tender  and  liquid  is  of  desired  consistency. 
Add  more  water  if  necessary,  or  remove  lid  to 
let  steam  escape.  Do  not  over  cook  vegetables. 


LEE'S  KALE  SALAD 

lb        fresh,  tender,  kale 
c         chopped  green  onions  or  chives 
small  can  sliced  ripe  olives 


7: 
7: 


S&l  183 


S'Si@M  TMM  TWMS  ©IF  MS 
Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


x/4       c         liquid  from  olives 
3         tbsp     lemon  juice 
1-2       tbsp     Bragg's  Liquid  aminos 
Dash  onion  and  garlic  powders,  and 

herbs,  (dill,  basil,  thyme,  etc) 


Chop  kale  very  fine.  Add  onions  and  olives. 
Combine  olive  liquid,  lemon  juice,  and  season- 
ings. Dress  salad  just  before  serving. 

Variations:  Use  part  leaf  lettuce.  Add  diced 
avocado,  shredded  carrot;,  and/or  sliced 
radishes  ;  a  sprinkle  of  sunflower  seeds. 


CARROT  PINEAPPLE  SALAD 

(Best  when  made  a  day  ahead) 


3 

c 

carrot  chunks  ,  raw 

3 

tbsp 

sunflower  seeds,  raw 

1 

c 

pineapple,  crushed  or  tidbits 

Vs 

c 

coconut,  unsweetened 

y2 

c 

raisins 

3 

tbsp 

orange  juice,  frozen  concentrate 

Blend  dry  sunflower  seeds  to  a  fine  meal;  pour 
into  bowl.  Blend  (on  pulse)  carrot  chunks,  1/2 
to  1  cup  at  a  time,  to  desired  texture.  Combine 
all  ingredients.  Chill  several  hours  (Seed  meal 
and  juice  make  the  dressing.) 


POTATOES  A  LA  GREENS 


4 

c 

potatoes,  diced 

1 

medium  onion, chopped 

2 

clove  of  garlic,  minced 

1V2 

c 

water 

2 

tsp 

salt   (scant  teaspoons) 

1 

tbsp 

raw  tahini  (sesame  butter) 

2-3 

c 

chopped  kale,  or  other 

greens 

y2 

c 

minced  parsley,  (or  more) 

y2 

c 

chives,  or  green  onions, 

minced 

i 

tsp 

lemon  juice  (optional 

WALNUT  ROAST 

2 

c 

cooked  brown  rice  (moist,  hot) 

1 

c 

walnuts 

1 

c 

cashew  cream   I1  /4  c  cashews 

to  3/4  c  hot  water,  blended) 

v4 

c 

Bragg's  liquid  aminos 

V2 

medium  onion 

1 

garlic  clover 

V4 

tsp 

salt 

AIR 


Add  potatoes,  onion,  and  garlic,  to  boiling 
salted  water,  and  simmer  10  to  15  minutes 
until  tender.  Stir  tahini  smooth  with  2  to  3 
tablespoons  of  the  hot  broth,  and  add  to  the 
potatoes.  Stir  in  greens,  parsley  and  chives, 
and  lemon  juice  just  before  serving. 

Variations:  Add  1  /4  to  V2  cup  Best  Like  Butter 
or  Best  Chez  Spread,  if  desired.  Add  1  c  well 
cooked  wheat  berries  for  texture.. 


CREAMY  COLESLAW 


3 

c 

shredded  cabbage 

y2 

c 

parsley,  minced 

y2 

tsp 

fresh  sweet  basil,  minced 

(x/4  tsp  if  dry)  or  winter  savory 

2-4 

tbsp 

lemon  juice 

y2 

tsp 

fresh  lemon  zest  (grated  rind) 

2-4 

tbsp 

grated  onion 

1 

c 

"Sour  Cream"  for  dressing 

y2 

tsp 

salt 

Mix  together  all  ingredients.  Adjust  season- 
ings.   Chill  and  serve. 

Variations:  Add  any  one  of  the  following: 
1  to  IV2  cups  of  cooked  legume,  such  as  lima, 
pinto,  or  kidney  beans,  or  chick  peas;  or  some 
diced  cucumber  and  sweet  pepper;  or  some 
cubed  tomato  with  minced  celery;  or  1  diced 
banana  and/or  1  cup  drained  pineapple. 

1  or  2  tbsp  frozen  orange  concentrate  may  be 
added  for  a  sweet/sour  flavor. 

ROSY  SLAW 

Add  2  to  4  tablespoons  of  tomato  paste  to  the 
dressing  for  any  of  the  the  above  coleslaw  com- 
binations, except  the  last  one. 

2  small  stalks  of  celery,  diced 

2         c         fresh  whole-grain  bread  crumbs 

Blend  first  8  ingredients  until  mixed,  not 
smooth,  keeping  mixture  a  little  chunky.  Use 
spatula  to  help  it  blend  evenly.  Stir  in  celery 
and  bread  crumbs.  Bake  1  hour  at  350°  F. 


CHEESY  BROCCOLI  SOUP 

3-4      c         broccoli,  coarsely  chopped 


184 


Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


3V2 

c 

water 

1 

c 

cashews,  clean  raw 

2V2 

tsp 

salt 

72 

c 

pimientos 

6 

tbsp 

yeast  flakes 

2 

tsp 

onion  powder 

v4 

tsp 

garlic  powder 

72 

tsp 

dill  weed 

Blend  one-half  of  the  water  with  remaining 
ingredients  (except  broccoli).  Pour  into 
saucepan  with  the  remaining  water  and 
broccoli.  Cook  on  low  heat  until  broccoli  is 
tender. 


BEET  AND  RICE  SALAD 


1V2 

lb 

fresh  beets  with  1  inch 

stems,  unpeeled 

1-1V2 

c 

cooked  wild  rice  or  brown  rice 

y2 

c 

chopped  celery 

3 

tbsp 

chopped  fresh  parsley 

c 

minced  chives  or  green  onions 

v2 

tsp 

celery  seed 

salt  to  taste 

1 

c 

or  more, "Sour  Cream",  or 

Cashew  Mayonnaise 

Simmer  beets  until  tender.  Cool.  Remove  the 
skins,  if  desired.  Grate  the  beets  into  a  large 
bowl.  Add  the  cooked  rice,  vegetables,  and 
seasonings.  Toss  lightly.  Add  dressing,  and  toss 
to  mix.  Adjust  seasonings  to  taste.  Serve 
chilled,  or  at  room  temperature. 

WILD  RICE  AND  POTATO  BAKE 


v2 

c 

wild  rice 

2 

c 

water 

2 

lbs 

large  potatoes 

1 

medium  onion,  chopped 

2 

tbsp 

fresh  thyme  leaves  or 

chopped  parsley 

2 

tsp 

raw  tahini,  or 

3  tbsp  finely  chopped  almonds 

1 

tsp 

salt,  or  to  taste 

Bring  water  to  a  boil  and  add  the  wild  rice. 
Simmer  until  the  grains  start  to  split  and  the 
water  is  absorbed.  Scrub  the  potatoes.  Bring  to 
a  boil,  and  simmer  for  10  to  15  minutes,  until 
just  tender.  Drain,  and  cool  slightly.  When 
cool,  peal  the  potatoes  and  coarsely  grate  them 
into  a  large  bowl.  Add  the  cooked  rice. 

Stir  steam  onions  in  a  tablespoon  or  two  of 
water  to  wilt.  Stir  in  the  raw  tahini  and  thyme 


REST 


leaves.  Add  this  mixture  to  the  potato-rice 
mixture,  and  combine  well.  Pat  into  a  large  pie 
pan  or  baking  dish.  Bake  30  to  40  minutes  at 
350°  F.  Cut  into  wedges  or  squares,  and  serve 
with  Carrot  Orange  Sauce. 


CARROT  ORANGE  SAUCE 

1         lb  carrots 

1  large  orange 

Scrub  carrots,  and  chop  into  chunks.  Add  2 
small  pieces  of  orange  rind,  and  simmer  until 
tender.  Discard  orange  rind.  Blend  carrots  with 
4  to  6  tablespoons  of  orange  juice.  Reheat  to 
serve. 

Alternate  method:  Mash  cooked  carrots,  add 
orange  juice,  reheat;  or  shred  raw  carrots,  stir- 
steam  to  soften.  Add  orange  juice,  and  reheat. 


UNLEAVENED  BREAD  STICKS 


1 

c 

water 

1 

tbsp 

honey 

1 

tsp 

salt 

2 

tbsp 

tahini,  raw 

72 

c 

sesame  seeds 

2V2 

c 

whole  wheat  flour  (up  to  3  cups) 

Roll  out  to  1/4  inch  thickness;  cut  with  a  dull 
knife.  Bake  on  sprayed  baking  sheet  at  400°  F 
15  minutes,  or  until  a  delicate  golden  brown. 


THE  "BIG  MAC" 

v2 

c 

dry  garbanzos  (chick  peas), 

soaked 

v2 

c 

water 

1 

c 

rolled  oats,  uncooked 

1 

c 

walnuts,  finely  chopped 

1 

medium  onion,  minced 

4 

tbsp 

rich  nut  milk 

1 

tsp 

salt 

1 

tsp 

sage 

1 

tbsp 

Bragg's  liquid  aminos 

Whiz  garbanzos  and  water  in  blender.  Pour 
into  bowl  and  stir  in  remaining  ingredients. 
Drop  from  spoon  or  ice  cream  scoop  to  form 
patties  in  sprayed  skillet.  Brown  on  both  sides 
over  medium  heat.  Serve  in  burger  buns  with 
all  the  trimmings,  or  in  a  casserole  dish  with 
gravy  over  the  top.  Bake  for  1/2  hour  at  350°  F. 
Makes  6  large  patties. 


185 


Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


REST 


V2 

c 

c 

2 

c 

73 

c 

y4 

2-3 

2V2 
1 


c 
c 

tbsp 
tsp 


ALPINE  CHEESE 

water 

Ernes  unflavored  gelatin 

well-cooked  corn  flour  mush 

tahini  (sesame  butter),  raw 

or  1  /2  cup  sesame  seeds  milled 

to  butter  or  very  fine  meal. 

lemon  juice 

food  yeast  flakes 

onion,  or  1  tbsp  onion  powder 

salt  (if  mush  was  unsalted) 

clove  of  garlic 

or  1  /4  tsp  garlic  powder 


Soak  Ernes  in  water  for  several  minutes  in 
liquefier.  Add  hot  corn  flour  mush  and  whiz  to 
dissolve  gelatin.  Add  remaining  ingredients 
and  thoroughly  liquefy.  Cool  and  refrigerate 
until  firm  and  sliceable.  Yields  3  cups. 

Note:  If  you  do  not  care  for  the  tahini  flavor, 
replace  it  with  1/3  cup  cashew  butter,  or  a 
combination  of  the  two.  This  is  the  best  cheese 
for  broiling,  as  it  does  not  melt  away,  as  some 
of  the  other  cheese  do;  it  is  good  on  pizza  and 
toasted  cheese  sandwiches. 


ALPINE  PIMIENTO  CHEESE 

Blend  enough  pimentos,  red  bell  pepper,  or 
paprika,  with  the  above  Alpine  Cheese  recipe  to 
make  a  light  orange  color. 

CORN  FLOUR  MUSH 


1 

3 


fine  corn  flour  (whole  grain  is 
best,  though  a  bit  grainy) 
cold  water 
boiling  water 


Mix  corn  flour  with  1  cup  cold  water  until 
smooth.  Add  this  gradually  to  the  boiling 
water,  stirring  until  well  blended,  and  the 
boiling  point  is  reached.  Cook  over  very  low 
heat,  or  in  a  double  boiler,  for  1 1  /2  hours. 

Variation:  Replace  corn  flour  mush  with  well 
cooked  polenta  or  millet.  The  finished  product 
is  more  firm,  and  not  as  sticky  as  the  cheese 
made  with  corn  flour. 


2-3 
3 

v4 
V4 


frozen  bananas,  in  chunks 
c         pineapple  juice 
c         clean,  raw  cashews 
tsp       coconut  flavoring 


Blend  cashews  in  1  cup  of  the  juice  until  very 
smooth.  Add  banana  chunks  and  remaining 
juice  gradually  while  blending.  Blend  until 
smooth.  Serve  immediately. 

Variation:  Replace  all  or  part  of  the  pineapple 
juice  and  nuts  with  an  equal  amount  of  pine- 
apple-coconut juice.  Omit  coconut  flavoring. 


SORBET 

1         pkg      frozen  raspberries/strawberries 

or  fruit  of  your  choice 
2-3  well  frozen  bananas,  in  chunks 

2       c         pineapple  juice 


7: 


Blend  to  sherbert  consistency, 
frozen  bananas  if  needed. 


Add  more 


1 

3-4 
1 


PINE -APRICOT  JAM 

dried  apricots 

dried  pineapple  rings,  chopped, 
(dipped  in  own  juice) 
can  crushed  pineapple 


Soak  dried  fruit  in  crushed  pineapple  over- 
night, and  blend  smooth.  Or  simmer  until  soft, 
and  stir  fairly  smooth  for  a  chunky  jam 


PINA  COLADA  SMOOTHIE 


z7Q[r^  186 


Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


REST 


KETCHUP 


CASHEW  MAYONNAISE 


1 

c 

tomato  sauce  or  tomato  puree 

y4 

c 

tomato  paste 

2 

tbsp 

finely  chopped  onion 

1 

clove  garlic,  minced  finely 

2 

tbsp 

fresh  lemon  juice 

1 

tbsp 

honey  or 

2  tbsp  date  butter 

y2 

tsp 

sweet  basil 

v2 

tsp 

salt 

Stir  all  ingredients  together, 
in  an  airtight  container. 


Keep  refrigerated 


POTATO  SALAD 

6  medium  cold  potatoes, 

precooked  with  peelings 

1         c         diced  celery 

1         c         chopped  olives 

1  li       c         chopped  red  or  green 
sweet  pepper 

1  small  sweet  onion,  minced 

2  tbsp     minced  fresh  parsley 
1-2      tsp       dill  weed 

salt  to  taste  (approx  2  tsp) 
Paprika  for  color 
1         c         Cashew  Mayonnaise  (or  more) 

Peel,  cube,  and  mix  potatoes  with  other 
ingredients,  adding  the  mayonnaise  last  The 
flavors  blend  if  made  ahead  and  refrigerated 
until  served. 

Variations:  Add  1  cup  shredded  carrot,  or  some 
chopped  radishes,  or  chopped  cucumber. 


IV4     c         boiling  water 

1         c         raw  cashews,  cleaned 

1/4       c         lemon  juice 

1         tbsp     honey  (scant)  (opt.) 

1         tsp  salt 

Blend  all  ingredients,  except  lemon  juice,  until 
very  smooth  and  creamy  (2  to  3  minutes).  Add 
lemon  juice  and  blend  briefly.       Yield:  1  pint. 

Variation:  Replace  honey  with  2  to  3  tsp  frozen 
orange  concentrate  for  sweet/sour  flavor. 

Each  tablespoon  of  mayonnaise  has  only  a 
little  more  than  a  teaspoon  of  cashews  so  is 
still  quite  low  in  fat.  The  water  must  be  boiling 
hot  to  somewhat  cook  the  cashews  to  thicken. 


CARAMEL  CORN 

(This  tastes  better  than  Cracker  Jacks, 
and  the  surprise  is  that  it's  a  light,  healthy  dessert!) 


v2 
u 


74 


7. 
7 


c         unpopped  popcorn 

c         natural  almond  butter 

or  tahini 
c         molasses  (not  blackstrap) 
tsp  salt 


Pop  corn  in  hot  air  popper.  Heat  remaining 
ingredients  in  saucepan  over  medium  heat 
until  bubbly.  Drizzle  over  popcorn  and  stir  to 
coat.  Spread  out  on  non-stick  cookie  sheet,  or 
use  Pam  spray.  Bake  at  200°  F  for  IV2  hours. 
May  be  stored  in  airtight  container. 


WAFFLE  HASH  BROWNS 

Spray  waffle  iron  lightly  with  Pam  or  similar 
product  if  it  is  not  silverstone  or  non-stick 
finish,  and  pre-heat  to  "hot".  Fill  hot  iron 
heaping  full  with  shredded  raw  or  cooked 
potatoes,  and  sprinkle  lightly  with  salt.  Close 
lid  and  bake  15  to  20  minutes  for  raw  potatoes 
(cooked  potatoes  slightly  less),  or  until  golden 
brown.  Shredded  onion  and  other  seasonings 
may  be  added  to  the  shredded  potatoes  before 
baking. 


LENTIL  SALAD 

(A  hearty  picnic  salad) 


2 

c 

cooked  lentils 

1 

c 

cooked  brown  rice 

74 

c 

chives,  minced  (or  green  onions) 

2-4 

tbsp 

lemon  juice 

74 

tsp 

fresh  lemon  zest  (grated  rind) 

73 

c 

walnuts,  chopped 

y2 

c 

celery,  chopped 

2 

tbsp 

minced  fresh  parsley 

1 

c 

tomatoes,  chopped 

Mix  all  ingredients  except  tomatoes.  Chill. 
Stir  in  the  tomatoes  just  before  serving. 


l^iZl  187 


Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


REST 


Variations      Replace   tomatoes   with    1  cup 
shredded  carrots  and  1  /4  cup  chopped  celery. 
ZUCCHINI -SPINACH  LASAGNA 

1  Recipe  Cashew-Pi  mi ento  Cheese  Sauce. 


9 

whole  wheat  lasagna  noodles 

1 

c 

chopped  onion 

1 

c 

cooked  spinach 

2 

raw  medium  zucchini,  sliced 

16 

oz 

stewed  tomatoes,  with  juice 

8 

oz 

tomato  sauce  or  puree 

y2 

c 

chopped  green  pepper 

y4 

tsp 

oregano 

y4 

tsp 

sweet  basil 

i 

tsp 

salt 

Cook  noodles  as  directed  on  package.  Stir- 
steam  onion  and  green  pepper  until  tender. 
Add  zucchini,  tomatoes,  tomato  sauce,  salt, 
basil,  and  oregano,  and  simmer  slowly  for  20 
minutes.  Drain  and  rinse  noodles.  Alternate 
layers  beginning  with  tomato-vegetable 
mixture  followed  by  noodles,  spinach,  and 
Cashew  Pimiento  Cheese  Sauce.  Bake  for  45 
minutes  at  350°  F.   Yield:  8-10  servings. 

Note:  Use  extra  lasagna  cooking  liquid  in 
gravies,  stews,  etc. 


CASHEW-PI  Ml  ENTO  CHEESE  SAUCE 


1 

c 

clean,  raw  cashews 

y2 

c 

water 

i 

oz 

pimientos 

2 

tsp 

lemon  juice,  fresh 

2 

tbsp 

chopped  onion 

or  1  tsp  onion  powder 

1 

garlic  clove 

or  pinch  of  garlic  powder 

2 

tbsp 

food  yeast  flakes  (opt.) 

y2 

tsp 

salt 

Blend  all  ingredients  until  smooth.  This  does 
not  need  to  be  cooked.  Use  on  top  of  pizza 
before  baking,  on  casseroles  and  lasagna,  and 
in  taco  salad. 


I1/ 
IV: 


c 
c 

2  C 


GARBANZO  BURGERS 

soaked  garbanzos 
water 

soaked  soybeans 
small  onion 


1  clove  garlic 

l/2       tsp  marjoram 
1         tsp  salt 
Blend  all  ingredients  together. 


(If  preferred, 


soybeans  may  be  ground.)  Form  into  patties 
and  bake  in  350°  F  oven  until  brown  and  set. 
Makes  8  servings. 

Variation:  Replace  water  with  tomato  juice. 


SPAGHETTI  SAUCE 


1 

large  onion,  chopped 

3-4 

cloves  garlic,  minced 

1 

green  pepper,  chopped 

1 

qt 

canned  tomatoes 

1 

c 

tomato  puree 

3/4 

c 

tomato  paste 

1 

c 

water  and/ or  liquid  from  olives 

2 

tbsp 

lemon  juice 

v4 

tsp 

zest  (grated  lemon  rind  -  opt.) 

2-3 

dates,  chopped  very  finely 

1 

4-oz 

can  olives 

74 

c 

dried  parsley  flakes 

1V2 

tsp 

sweet  basil 

1 

tsp 

oregano 

74 

tsp 

thyme 

2 

tsp 

salt 

Stir- steam  onion,  green  pepper,  and  garlic  in 
small  amount  of  water  or  liquid  from  olives. 
Add  remaining  ingredients.  Simmer  for  20  to 
30  minutes. 

Variation:  Replace  dates  with  2  to  3  table- 
spoons of  frozen  orange  concentrate. 


SPAGHETTI  SAUCE  WITH  SQUASH 

Omit  tomato  puree  and  dates  from  above  recipe. 
Stir  steam  1  to  1 1  /2  cups  grated  winter  squash 
with  other  vegetables.  Proceed  as  above. 


GREEN  RICE 

2  c  cooked  brown  rice 

1  c  cubed  American  Cheese 

1  c  chopped  chives 

1  c  chopped  parsley 

1  c  soaked  soybeans 

1  c  boiling  water 

salt  if  necessary 


188 


LEAYJZQ  TliOM  T33M  TWISS  ©IF  ILJI'yH) 


Blend  soaked  soybeans  and  water  until  creamy. 
Combine  with  rice  and  cheese.  Bake  in  covered 
baking  dish  30  minutes  at  350°  F.  Stir  in 
chopped  chives  and  parsley,  and  salt  if  needed. 
Bake  an  additional  5  minutes. 


Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


REST 


189 


LliAYHS  Ji'JtOM  TMM  TEIJMM  ©IF  M.WR 
Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


NUTRITION 


mm®  hip. 


lLQ[F!2£  190 


Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar  APPENDIX  A 


PUMPKIN  PIE 


1V2 

c 

chopped  dates 

1V4 

c 

water 

1 

c 

clean,  raw  cashews 

1 

tbsp 

coriander 

y2 

tbsp 

cardamon 

1 

tsp 

vanilla 

v2 

tsp 

salt 

1 

16-oz 

can  pumpkin 

2  / 

/3 

c 

water 

2 

tsp 

Ernes  gelatin 

Partially  baked  pie  crust 

Blend  first  7  ingredients  until  very  smooth. 
Add  to  pumpkin;  and  stir  until  well  mixed. 
Bring  2/3  cup  water  to  boil  and  add  Ernes.  Stir 
until  dissolved.  Add  to  pumpkin  mixture  and 
stir  well.  Pour  into  pie  crust.  Bake  at  350°  F 
for  50  minutes.  Let  cool.  Top  with  a  dessert 
topping  if  desired. 


Whiz 

72  c 


7. 


7: 


tsp 
c 


Stir  into 
174  c 


EXCELLENT  PIE  CRUST 

raw  cashews,  cleaned 
salt 

less  2  tbsp  water 


(or  more)  barley,  millet  or  rice 
flour 


Roll  between  2  sheets  of  plastic,  or  waxed  paper. 
Remove  top  sheet,  place  crust  in  pie  plate,  and 
remove  second  sheet.  Trim,  and  bake  at  350°  F 
for  12  minutes.  Fill  and  continue  baking  as 
needed.  Makes  1  crust. 

NOTE:  Do  not  use  wheat  flour.  It  will  not  make 
a  tender  crust.  Barley  makes  most  tender  crust. 


FRUITED  KANDY  YAMS 

4         lbs       fresh  yams  (or  sweet  potatoes) 
2         20  oz    can  pineapple  tidbits 

in  own  juice 
2-3      tbsp     frozen  orange  juice  concentrate 
V2       tsp       salt  (optional) 

Bake  yams  until  almost  tender.  Cool  enough  to 
peel.  Drain  juice  from  pineapple,  and  simmer 
over  low  heat  to  concentrate  it  to  about  a 


quarter  or  third  of  the  original  volume.  Add 
tidbits,  orange  concentrate,  and  salt.  Peel  and 

slice  yams,  placing  the  slices  in  a  9  x  13  pyrex 
baking  dish.  Spoon  pineapple  sauce  over  yams 
and  reheat  in  a  350°  F  oven  for  20  to  30 
minutes.  The  liquid  should  be  absorbed. 

Note:  This  may  be  prepared  a  day  ahead.  Also, 
this  may  be  completed  on  stove  top  on  low  heat. 


FRESH  YAMS  IN  ORANGE  SAUCE 

(Refreshing  change  from  candied  yams) 


4 

lbs 

fresh  yams  or  sweet  potatoes 

2 

tbsp 

cornstarch  or  arrowroot  powder 

2 

c 

orange  juice 

72 

c 

pitted  dates 

172 

tsp 

grated  orange  peel 

Cook  or  bake  yams  until  nearly  tender.  Peel 
and  slice.  Place  slices  in  a  large  casserole  dish 
with  a  cover.  Blend  remaining  ingredients 
until  smooth,  and  simmer  in  small  saucepan 
until  mixture  thickens,  stirring  constantly. 
Pour  sauce  over  yams,  cover  and  bake  45 
minutes  at  400°  F.  Remove  cover,  and  bake  an 
additional  15  minutes.  Garnish  with  orange 
slices  and  sprigs  of  mint. 

Note:  This  can  be  assembled  a  day  ahead  and 
refrigerated  until  ready  to  heat  and  serve. 

Alternate  Method:  Scrub  yams,  and  peel 
lightly.  Slice,  and  place  in  a  large  covered 
casserole  dish.  Proceed  as  above,  baking  yams 
with  sauce  until  tender,  about  45  minutes. 


WINTER  FRUIT  RING 

boiling  water  or  fruit  juice 
Ernes  gelatin 

finely  chopped  dried  apricots 
or  prunes 

Nutri-grain  Nuggets 
raisins,  finely  chopped 
walnuts  or  pecans, 
finely  chopped 
dates,  finely  chopped 


Stir  Ernes  into  boiling  water  until  dissolved. 
Stir  in  remaining  ingredients  and  pour  into  a 
ring  mold  or  other  mold,  and  refrigerate  until 
set.  Garnish  with  mint  leaves  and  orange  or 
lemon  twists,  if  desired. 


2 

C 

i72 

tbsp 

3/4 

c 

3/4 

c 

3/4 

c 

3/4 

c 

74 

c 

S'Si@M  TMM  TWMS  ©IF  MS 
Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


Serving  Suggestion:  Fill  ring  with  fresh  fruit 
just  before  serving. 

THANKSGIVING  LENTIL  LOAF 


1 

c 

tomato  puree 

1V2 

c 

dry  bread  crumbs 

2 

tbsp 

soy  flour 

1 

c 

coarsely  chopped  walnuts 

1 

onion,  finely  chopped 

1 

c 

grated  carrots 

1 

c 

chopped  celery 

1 

tsp 

salt 

v2 

tsp 

oregano 

72 

tsp 

each  sage,  thyme,  marjoram 

Combine  above  ingredients  and  mix  well.  Then 
fold  in  carefully: 

2         c         cooked  lentils  (scant  1  c  raw) 

Bake  in  a  quart-and-a-half  casserole  dish  1  to 
I1/ 4  hours  at  350°  F.  This  is  nice  baked  in  a 
prepared  ring  mold. 


APPENDIX  A 


Simmer  all  ingredients  until  cranberries  pop. 
Cool.  Blend  half  of  mixture  until  smooth.  Stir 
in  remaining  cooked  relish.  Chill  and  serve. 

CREAMY  TOMATO  GRAVY 


1 

qt 

canned  tomatoes 

1/2 

c 

clean,  raw  cashews 

V2 

c 

well-cooked  brown  rice 

1 

large  onion,  chopped 

2 

tsp 

honey  (opt) 

1-2 

tsp 

salt 

1 

clove  garlic,  minced 

V4 

tsp 

oregano 

1/2 

c 

water 

Blend  cashews  and  rice  with  about  1  cup  of  the 
tomatoes  until  very  smooth.  Add  remaining 
tomatoes  and  other  ingredients,  except  water, 
and  continue  blending  until  smooth.  Pour  into 
a  saucepan.  Rinse  blender  with  1/2  cup  water, 
then  pour  into  saucepan.  Simmer  for  10 
minutes,  stirring  frequently.  If  necessary, 
thicken  with  cornstarch  mixed  with  a  little 
cold  water  or  blend  in  more  rice. 


RAW  CRANBERRY-ORANGE  RELISH 


1 

c 

packed  dates 

or  1  li  c  honey 

6 

oz 

frozen  orange  juice  concentrate 

1 

lb 

cranberries,  sorted  and  washed 

1 

whole  orange,  cut  in  pieces 

(including  rind) 

2 

tbsp 

honey 

FOOD  GRINDER:  Grind  orange,  cranberries 
and  dates  on  medium  grind.  Mix  in  orange 
juice  concentrate  and  honey. 

FOOD  PROCESSOR:  Chop  cranberries  on 
"pulse"  and  put  in  a  large  bowl.  Chop 
remaining  ingredients  on  "pulse"  until  orange 
is  minced  (but  not  too  finely).  Mix  all 
ingredients  together  in  bowl. 

NOTE:  This  relish  may  be  made  in  a  variety  of 
ways.  Whichever  method  you  use,  however,  the 
relish  should  not  be  chopped  too  finely.  It  is 
best  made  a  day  ahead  so  that  the  flavors  have 
time  to  blend. 

COOKED  CRANBERRY-ORANGE  RELISH 

Use  dates,  and  replace  extra  honey  with  2  to  3 
rings  of  dried  pineapple,  diced.  Discard  orange 
rind     (optional),     and    grind/chop  orange. 


SIMPLE  OAT-NUT  BURGERS 

(Excellent  STROGANOFF  burgers) 

41  li     c  water 

V2       c         liquid  aminos 

1  bay  leaf 

Bring  the  above  ingredients  to  a  boil.  Reduce 
heat,  and  add: 

4V2  c         rolled  oats 

1  medium  onion,  chopped 

2-4  garlic  cloves,  minced 

1  c         pecans  (or  other  nuts),  chopped 

Mix  well.  Form  into  patties  with  a  scoop.  Bake 
45  minutes  at  350°.  Yield:  20  burgers. 


RANCH  DRESSING 


72 

c 

raw  cashews,  cleaned 

1 

c 

boiling  water 

2 

tbsp 

lemon  juice 

73 

c 

onion,  chopped 

1 

clove  garlic 

72 

tsp 

salt 

2 

tsp 

parsley  (dried)) 

or  4  tsp  fresh  minced  parsley 


Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar  APPENDIX  A 


V2       tsp       dill  weed 

Blend  first  6  ingredients  until  smooth.  Stir  in 
the  dill  weed  and  parsley.  Chill  and  serve. 
Note:  Do  not  blend  after  adding  herbs. 

MILLIE  S  APPLE  SALAD 

10  Apples  (medium) 

golden  delicious  are  best 

1  20  oz    can  crushed  pineapple/in  juice 

2  Tbsp    frozen  orange  juice 
1         c  raisins 

1  /4       c         almonds  (grated  or  chopped  fine) 

Place  pineapple  in  large  bowl.  Grate  apples 
into  the  bowl,  stirring  shredded  apples  into 
pineapple  to  keep  them  from  browning.  Add 
the  rest  of  the  ingredients,  and  mix  well.  This 
salad  is  better  the  second  day  after  the  flavors 
blend.  It  may  be  stored  in  refrigerator  for  up  to 
a  week. 

Variations:  Coconut,  or  other  nuts/seeds  may 
be  used,  and  a  few  chopped  dates  may  be  added. 


Arrange  a  bed  of  lettuce  on  large  shallow 
serving  platter.  Mound  the  rice  mixture  in  the 
center.  Surround  the  salad  with  an 
arrangement  of  tomato  wedges  and  sliced 
cheese.  Scatter  chopped  herbs  over  all. 

BAKED  GARLIC  POTATOES 


2 

lbs 

large  potatoes 

V3 

c 

fresh  lemon  juice 

V2 

c 

water 

2 

tsp 

oregano  (or  1  tbsp  fresh, 

minced) 

3 

cloves  garlic,  minced 

1 

tbsp 

tahini  (raw) 

1 

tsp 

salt 

Scrub  potatoes,  and  cut  in  1  /i  inch  strips.  Stir 
tahini  smooth  in  a  small  part  of  the  water.  Stir 
in  lemon  juice,  seasonings, and.  the  rest  of  the 
water.  (This  may  be  done  in  the  9  x  13"  baking 
dish.)  Add  potatoes,  turning  them  in  the  liquid 
to  coat  all  sides.  Set  baking  dish  on  a  sheet  of 
foil  to  prevent  burning  potatoes  on  bottom. 
Bake  in  a  450°  oven  about  1  hour. 


RICE  BUFFET  SALAD 


SCRAMBLED  TOFU  II 


3V2 
2 

1 

2 


3/4 


74 


C 

c 


cooked  brown  rice 
sweet  green  peppers, 
chopped 

small  onion,  finely  chopped 
small  cloves  of  garlic, 
minced 

coarsely  chopped  almonds 
or  walnuts 
chopped  parsley 


Combine  the  above  ingredients  in  a  large  bowl. 


1/4       c         lemon  juice 
1         tbsp     tahini  (sesame  seed  butter) 
opt. 

1         tsp  paprika 
salt 


72 


tsp 


Cream  tahini  in  lemon  juice,  add  seasonings, 
and  pour  over  the  rice  mixture.  Toss  to  mix 
ingredients  well.  Refrigerate  until  serving  time. 

Lettuce 

3  medium  tomatoes,  quartered 
2         tbsp     chopped  fresh  basil  or 

parsley,  or  other  fresh  herb 
1         recipe  of  a  slicing  cheese 


1 

lb 

firm  tofu 

y2 

c 

chopped  green  onions 

y2 

c 

sliced  olives 

y4 

c 

slivered  almonds 

2 

tsp 

Bragg's  liquid  aminos 

1V2 

tsp 

Chicken-style  Seasoning 

1 

tsp 

parsley  flakes 

1 

small  onion,  chopped 

1 

clove  garlic,  minced 

y4 

tsp 

turmeric  (opt) 

Drain  tofu  thoroughly  in  a  colander  for  several 
hours,  or  overnight,  before  using.  Mash 
drained  tofu  in  a  bowl  and  mix  in  remaining 

ingredients.  Bake  at  350°  F  for  30  minutes,  or 
simmer  in  a  nonstick  skillet  for  about  20 
minutes,  or  until  all  liquid  has  evaporated, 
stirring  occasionally.  Best  if  mixed  several 
hours  before  cooking,  to  let  flavors  blend. 

Variation:  Combine  with  white  sauce  and 
serve  over  toast  for  Creamed  Tofu  Breakfast. 


MOCK  PARMESAN  CHEESE 

1         c         sesame  seeds  (lightly  toasted  ) 


Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


APPENDIX  A 


V: 
V: 


2       c  food  yeast 

2       tsp  onion  powder 

tsp  garlic  powder 

1/2       tsp  salt 


74 


Blend  dry  until  seeds  are  a  fine  meal.  (Toasting 
the  seeds  is  optional.) 

"CHEESE"  CAKE 

Blend  until  smooth: 

1/2       c         blanched  almonds 

1         c         hot  water 

Add  the  following: 

3/4  c  honey 

1  tsp  vanilla 

1  /2  tsp  coconut  flavor  or  up  to  1  tsp 

1  brick  of  tofu 

2-3  tbsp  lemon  juice 

1  tbsp  Ernes  gelatin 

Blend  until  smooth.  Pour  into  partially  baked 
Nutri -grain  pie  crust.  Bate  about  30  minutes  at 
350°,  or  until  set 

Variation:  Replace  coconut  flavor  with  1  to  2 
tablespoons  of  yeast  flakes 

Topping: 

2  c         unsweetened  grape  juice  or 

pineapple  juice 
4  tbsp  minute  tapioca 
2  -  3  dried  pineapple  rings,  chopped 

(juice  dipped) 

Simmer  until  thick  and  clear.  Blend  until 
smooth.  Return  to  pan  and  add: 

2         c         blueberries  (or  more  as  desired) 

Serve  over  "Cheese"  Cake. 

Variation:  Replace  pineapple  rings  with  6  to  8 
pitted  dates,  chopped. 


FRESH  APPLE  PIE 

2  c  pineapple  juice 
3V2  tbsp  minute  tapioca  flour 
1  tsp  ground  coriander 

3  c  grated  apple 


Blend  juice  and  tapioca,  and  coriander  briefly. 
Simmer  over  low  heat  until  clear,  and 
thickened,  stirring  occasionally.  Cool,  and 
mix  with  the  grated  apples.  Put  in  baked 
Almond-oat  Pie  Crust.  Top  with  unsweetened 
macaroon  coconut  if  desired.  Chill,  and  serve. 

Variation:  Replace  pineapple  juice  with  white 
grape  juice. 

ALMOND-OAT  PIE  CRUST 

1         c         ground  almonds, 

or  blended  to  a  very  fine  meal 
1         c         oat  flour  (rolled  oats  blended) 
1  /2       tsp  salt 
1/4       c         water  or  fruit  juice 

Mix  dry  ingredients  well.  Add  liquid,  and  mix. 
Press  into  pie  pan,  or  roll  between  2  pieces  of 
wax  paper  with  a  rolling  pin.  Bake  15  minutes 
at  350°. 

Alternate  Method:    Use  food  processor. 


DATE  RICE  PUDDING 


3 

c 

cooked  brown  rice 

1 

c 

chopped  dates 

y2 

tsp 

grated  lemon  or  orange 

rind 

iv2 

c 

orange  juice,  or  more 

v2 

c 

raw  cashews,  washed 

1 

ripe  banana  (opt.) 

tsp 

vanilla 

tsp 

salt 

2 

tsp 

ground  coriander  (opt) 

Spread  half  of  the  rice  evenly  in  bottom  of 
baking  dish.  Spread  chopped  dates  over  the 
rice,  and  cover  with  remaining  rice.  Blend 
remaining  ingredients,  and  pour  over  the  rice. 
Bake  at  350°  F  for  about  45  minutes.  Serve  hot 
or  chilled. 


SLICING  "CHEESE" 

Soak  in  blender  a  few  minutes: 

1  /2       c         cold  water 

2V2     tbsp     Ernes  gelatin,  or  up  to  3  tbsp 

Add  to  blender: 

1         c         hot  cooked  millet 
1  /4       c  cashews 


Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar  APPENDIX  A 


1 
2 
1 
1 

1V2 


tbsp     lemon  juice 
tbsp     chopped  onion 

clove  garlic 

pimiento  for  color 
tsp       caraway  seeds  (or  dill  or  celery) 
tsp  salt 

black  olives  (opt.) 


Liquefy  until  smooth.  Pour  into  mold. 
Refrigerate.  Unmold,  and  slice.  To  grate, 
freeze  first. 

LEAVES  FROM  THE 
TREE  OF  LIFE 

In  the  beginning  God  created  the  heaven  and 
the  earth.  So  God  created  man  in  His  own 
image,  in  the  image  of  God  created  he  him. 

Genesis  1:1,27 

And  the  Lord  God.  .  .  put  him  into  the  garden  of 
Eden  to  dress  it  and  to  keep  it.  Genesis  2: 15 

I  have  given  you  every  herb  bearing  seed.  .  .  and 
every  tree,  in  the  which  is  the  fruit  of  a  tree 
yielding  seed:  to  you  it  shall  be  for  meat. 

Genesis  1:29 

But  Adam  and  Eve  did  not  trust  God.  They 
listened  to  the  wrong  voice,  so  the  human 
family  needs  healing.  See  Genesis  2  and  3. 

Christ's  work  was,  and  is,  to  heal  and  restore 
us,-  mentally,  physically,  and  spiritually. 

"And  whithersoever  He  entered,  into  villages, 
or  cities,  or  country,  they  laid  the  sick  in  the 
streets,  and  besought  him  that  they  might 
touch  if  it  were  but  the  border  of  his  garment: 
and  as  many  as  touched  him  were  made  whole. 
(Also  Mark  15:28)  Mark 6:56 

(Mark  5:34,  Matt  17:20,  and  Luke  7:1-10) 


He  sent  His  Word  and  healed  them. 

Psalm  107:20 

And  the  Word  was  made  flesh,  and  dwelt  among 
us.  .  .  .  full  of  grace  and  truth.  .  .  And  of  his 
fulness  have  all  we  received,  grace  for  grace. 

John  1:14,  16 

In  Him  was  life:  and  the  life  was  the  light  of 
men.  John  1:4 

Beloved,  I  wish  above  all  things  that  thou 
mayest  prosper  and  be  in  health,  even  as  thy 
soul  prospereth.  Ill  John  2 


In  the  midst  of  the  street  of  it,  and  on  either 
side  of  the  river,  was  there  the  tree  of  life, 
which   bare  twelve   manner   of  fruits,  and 
yielded  her  fruit  every  month:  and  the  leaves  of 
the  tree  were  for  the  healing  of  the  nations. 

Revelation  22: 2 


Thou  wilt  shew  me  the  path  of  life:  in  thy 
presence  is  fulness  of  joy:  at  thy  right  hand  are 
pleasures  for  evermore.  Psalm  16:11 

God  be  merciful  unto  us,  and  bless  us,  and  cause 
his  face  to  shine  upon  us.  That  thy  way  may  be 
known  upon  earth,  thy  saving  health  among 
all  nations.  Psalm  67: 1,2 

There  is  a  way  which  seemeth  right  unto  a  man, 
but  the  end  thereof  are  the  ways  of  death. 

Proverbs  14:12 

But  unto  you  that  fear  my  name  shall  the  Sun 
of  Righteousness  arise  with  healing  in  his 
wings.  .  .  Malachi4:2 

...  I  am  fearfully  and  wonderfully  made; 
marvelous  are  thy  works.  Psalm  139:14 

Know  ye  not  that  ye  are  the  temple  of  God,  and 
that  the  Spirit  of  God  dwelleth  in  you?  if  any 
man  defile  the  temple  of  God,  him  shall  God 
destroy:  for  the  temple  of  God  is  holy,  which 
temple  ye  are.  I  Corinthians  3: 16, 17 

I  have  chosen  the  way  of  truth.  .  .  .  Grant  me  thy 
law  graciously.  Psalm  1 19:30,  29 

And  ye  shall  know  the  truth,  and  the  truth 
shall  make  you  free.  If  the  Son  therefore  shall 
make  you  free,  ye  shall  be  free  indeed.. 

John  8:32,  26 

For  I  the  Lord  thy  God  will  hold  thy  right  hand, 
saying  unto  thee,  Fear  not,  I  will  help  thee. 
(Also  verse  10)  Isaiah41:13 
(And  Isaiah  41:10;  27:5,  and  Psalm  119:173) 

Whereby  are  given  unto  us  exceeding  great  and 
precious  promises,  that  by  these  ye  might  be 
partakers  of  the  diving  nature,  having  escaped 
the  corruption  that  is  in  the  world  through  lust. 
(Also  verses  1-10)  II  Peter  1:4 


S'Si@M  TMM  TWMS  ©IF  MS 
Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


For  it  is  God  which  worketh  in  you  both  to  will 
and  to  do  of  His  good  pleasure. 

Philippians  2:13 

This  is  the  day  which  the  Lord  hath  made;  we 
will  rejoice  and  be  glad  in  it.  Psalm  118:24 

But  Daniel  purposed  in  his  heart  that  he  would 
no  defile  himself  with  the  portion  of  the  king's 
meat,  nor  with  the  wine  which  he  drank: .  .  .  God 
gave  them  knowledge  and  skill  in  all  learning 
and  wisdom:.  .  .  the  king.  .  .  found  them  ten 
times  better  than  all  the  magicians  and 
astrologers  that  were  in  all  his  realm. 

Daniel:8,  17,  20 

Whether  therefore  ye  eat,  or  drink,  or  whatso- 
ever ye  do,  do  all  to  the  glory  of  God. 

I  Corinthians  10:31 

.  .  .  eat  in  due  season,  for  strength,  and  not  for 
drunkenness.  Ecclesiastes  10:17 

A  merry  heart  doeth  good  like  a  medicine;  but  a 
broken  spirit  drieth  the  bones.    Proverbs  17:22 

Except  the  Lord  build  the  house,  they  labour  in 
vain  that  build  it.  Psalm  127: 1 

The  sleep  of  a  labouring  man  is  sweet,  whether 
he  eat  little  or  much.  (Also  Genesis  3:19  and 
Ecclesiastes  3:13)  Ecclesiastes  5:12 

She  openeth  her  mouth  with  wisdom;  and  in 
her  tongue  is  the  law  of  kindness. 

Proverbs  31:26 

That  our  sons  may  be  as  plants  grown  up  in 
their  youth,  that  our  daughters  may  be  as 
corner  stones,  polished  after  the  similitude  of  a 
palace.  Psalm  144:12 

. .  .  Add  to  your  faith  virtue;  and  to  your  virtue 
knowledge;  and  to  knowledge  temperance;  and 
to  temperance  patience;  and  to  patience 
godliness;  and  to  godliness  brotherly  kindness; 
and  to  brotherly  kindness  charity. 

I  Peter  1:5-7 

By  the  grace  of  God  I  am  what  I  am. 

I  Corinthians  15:10 

Now  faith  is  the  substance  of  things  hoped  for, 
the  evidence  of  things  not  see.  Hebrews  11:1 

Thy  faith  hath  made  thee  whole.        Mark  10:52 

.  .  .  Let  him  ask  in  faith,  nothing  wavering. 
(Also  James  1:3;  2;  and  5:14-16)  James  1:6 


APPENDIX  A 


.  .  .  Now  abideth  faith,  hope  and  charity. 

I  Corinthians  13:13 

There  is  a  way  that  seemeth  right  unto  a  man, 
but  the  end  thereof  are  the  ways  of  death. 

Proverbs  16:26 

.  .  .  Depart;  for  this  is  not  your  rest:  because  it  is 
polluted,  it  shall  destroy  you.  Micah  2: 10 

Come  unto  me,  all  ye  that  labour  and  are  heavy 
laden,  and  I  will  give  you  rest.  Matthew 
11:28 

Rest  in  the  Lord,  wait  patiently  for  him. 

Psalm  37:7 

In  returning  and  rest  shall  ye  be  saved;  in 
quietness  and  confidence  shall  be  your 
strength .  Isaiah  30: 1 5 

God  is  love.  .  .For  this  is  the  love  of  God,  that  we 
keep  his  commandments:  and  his  command- 
ments are  not  grievous.  I  John  4:8;  5:3 

I  have  loved  thee  with  an  everlasting  love. 

Jeremiah  31:3 

Faith  which  worketh  by  love.  Galatians  5:6 

God  hath  not  given  us  the  spirit  of  fear:  but  of 
power,  and  of  love,  and  of  a  sound  mind. 

II  Timothy  1:7 

Let  this  mind  be  in  you  which  was  also  in 
Christ  Jesus.  Philippians  2:5 

And  with  His  stripes  we  are  healed.  Isaiah 
53:5 

Bless  the  Lord,  Omy  soul.  .  .  who  forgive th  all 
thine  iniquities,  who  healeth  all  thy  diseases.  . 

Psalm  103:3 
(Also  Psalm  147:3,  and  Jeremiah  17:15) 

.  .  .  Come  boldly  unto  the  throne  of  grace.  .  . 
obtain  mercy,  and  find  grace  to  help  in  time  of 
need.  Hebrews  4: 16 

My  grace  is  sufficient  for  thee. 

II  Corinthians  12:9 

If  MY  People.  .  .  shall  humble  themselves,  and 
pray  and  seek  My  face,  and  turn  from  their 
wicked  ways;  then  will  I  hear  from  heaven,  and 
will  forgive  their  sin,  and  will  heal  their  land. 

II  Chronicles  7:14 

For  we  are  saved  by  hope.  Romans  8:24 


Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar  APPENDIX  A 


To  him  that  overcometh  will  I  grant  to  sit  with 
me  in  my  throne,  even  as  I  also  overcame.  .  . 

Revelation  3:21 

Blessed  are  they  that  do  His  commandments, 
that  they  may  have  right  to  the  tree  of  life.  .  . 

Revelation  22: 14 

Bibliography 


Clifford  R.  Anderson,  M.D.,  Modern  Ways  to  Health.  Southern  Publishing  Association,  Nashville, 
Tennessee. 

Winston  J.  Craig,  Nutrition  for  the  Nineties,  Golden  Harvest  Books,  P.  O.  Box  47,  Eau  Claire, 
Michigan.  49 1 1 1 . 

Jay  Milton  Hoffman,  Ph.D.,  The  Missing  Link.  Professional  Press  Publishing  Company,  13115 
Hunza  Hill  Terrace,  Valley  Center,  Calif.,  92082 

J.  H.  Kellogg,  M.D.,  The  Home  Book  of  Modern  Medicine,  Modern  Medicine  Publishing  Company, 
Ltd.,  Battle  Creek,  Michigan. 

Zane  R  Kime,  M.D.,  M.S.,  Sunlight.    World  Health  Publications,  Box  Number  408,  Penryn,  CA, 
95663. 

H.  E.  Kirschner,  M.D.,  and  Herbert  Clarence  White,  A.B.,  Are  You  what  You  Eat?  The  How  and  Why 
of  Organic  Gardening.  H.  C.  White  Publications,  P.  O.  Box  8014,  Riverside,  California,  92505 

Agatha  Thrash,  M.D.,  and  Calvin  Thrash,  M.D.,  The  Animal  Connection.  Yuchi  Pines  Institute,  Seale 
36875 

Agatha  Moody  Thrash,  M.D.,  and  Calvin  L.  Thrash,  Jr.,  M.D.,  Nutrition  for  Vegetarians,  Th 
Publications,  Yuchi  Pines  Institute,  Health  Education  Department,  Seale,  Alabama,  36875. 

Ellen  G.  White,  Counsels  on  Diet  and  Foods,, Review  and  Herald  Publishing  Association,  Washington 
20039-0555,  Hagerstown,  MD.,  21740. 

Ellen  G.  White,  Ministry  of  Healing,  Review  and  Herald  Publishing  Association,  Washington,  DC,  2 
0555,  Hagerstown,  MD.,  21740. 

Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful  Living,  Leaves-of- Autumn  Books,  P.  O.  Box  440,  Payson,  Arizona,  85541 

Julius  Gilbert  White,  Abundant  Health.  Northwestern  Publishing  Association,  P.  O.  Box  20234,  Sacram 
Calif.,  95820 


SM@M  TMM  TMBM  ©IF  MIS 

VEGETARIAN  WHOLE  FOODS  COOKERY  AND  HEALTH  SEMINAR 


Recommended  Reading 

Clifford  R.  Anderson,  M.D.,  Modern  Ways  to  Health.  Southern  Publishing  Association,  Nashville, 
Tennessee. 

Phyllis  Austin,  Agatha  Thrash,  M.D.,  Calvin  Thrash,  M.D.,  Natural  Remedies.  Family  Health 
Publications,  8777  E.  Musgrove  Hwy,  Sunfield,  MI,  48890. 

Winston  J.  Craig,  Nutrition  for  the  Nineties,  Golden  Harvest  Books,  P.  O.  Box  47,  Eau  Claire, 
Michigan.  49 1 1 1 . 

Clarence  W.  Dail,,  M.D.,  and  Charles  Thomas,  Ph.D.,  Simple  Remedies  for  the  Home,.  182  Donivan 
Road,  Brushton,  NY,  12916. 


Jay  Milton  Hoffman,  Ph.D.,  The  Missing  Link.  Professional  Press  Publishing  Company,  13115 
Hunza  Hill  Terrace,  Valley  Center,  Calif.,  92082 

Zane  R  Kime,  M.D.,  M.S.,  Sunlight.  World  Health  Publications,  Box  Number  408,  Penryn,  CA, 
95663. 

H.  E.  Kirschner,  M.D.,  and  Herbert  Clarence  White,  A.B.,  Are  You  what  You  Eat?  The  How  and  Why 
of  Organic  Gardening.  H.  C.  White  Publications,  P.  O.  Box  8014,  Riverside,  California,  92505 

Agatha  Thrash,  M.D.,  and  Calvin  Thrash,  M.D.,  The  Animal  Connection.  Yuchi  Pines  Institute, 
Seale,  AL.  36875 

Agatha  Thrash,  M.D.,  and  Calvin  Thrash,  M.D.,  Home  Remedies.  (Hydrotherapy,  Massage, 
Charcoal,  and  Other  Simple  Treatment.)  Thrash  Publications,  Rt  1,  Box  273,  Seale,  Alabama, 
36875. 

Agatha  Moody  Thrash,  M.D.,  and  Calvin  L.  Thrash,  Jr.,  M.D.,  Nutrition  for  Vegetarians,  Thrash 
Publications,  Yuchi  Pines  Institute,  Health  Education  Department,  Seale,  Alabama,  36875. 

Ellen  G.  White,  Counsels  on  Diet  and  Foods, , Review  and  Herald  Publishing  Association, 
Washington  D.C.,  20039-0555,  Hagerstown,  MD.,  21740. 

Ellen  G.  White,  Ministry  of  Healing,  Review  and  Herald  Publishing  Association,  Washington,  DC, 
20039-0555,  Hagerstown,  MD.,  21740. 

Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful  Living,  Leaves-of-Autumn  Books,  P.  O.  Box  440,  Payson,  Arizona,  85541 

Julius  Gilbert  White,  Abundant  Health.  Northwestern  Publishing  Association,  P.  O.  Box  20234, 
Sacramento,  Calif.,  95820 

GARDENING  FOR 
HEALTH  .  .  . 

If  my  people,  which  are  called  by  my 
name,  shall  humble  themselves,  and 
pray,  and  seek  my  face,  and  turn  from 
their  wicked  ways;  then  will  I  hear  from 
heaven,  and  will  forgive  their  sin,  and 
will  heal  their  land. 

I  Chronicles.  7: 14 


Here  are  a  few  suggestions  for  your  gardening 
pleasure,  that  will  provide  soil  conditions  for 
healthy  plants  without  the  use  of  animal 
fertilizers. 

Prepare  soil  well.  Rototill/spade  6  to  8  inches 
deep;  however,  don't  work  soil  to  a  powder. 
Rake  instead. 

If  you  turn  under  a  cover  crop,  let  the  soil  stand 
2  to  3  weeks  before  planting. 


Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


Clay  soils  are  very  dense;  modify  with  sand, 
compost,  cover  crops,  lawn  clippings,  etc. 

Have  your  soil  tested;  adapt  fertilizers  to  the 
needs/conditions  of  your  soil. 

Basic  Fertilizers:  Make  V-shaped  furrows  for 
planting  about  5  inches  deep. 


Ground  level 


Top  soil  cover  (compressed) 

o    o  o 

Seeds 


V2  inch  cover  of  soil 

I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I 

Lime  (generous  amount) 


Soybean  meal*  (moderate  amount) 


Rock  phosphate  (moderate  amount) 


Potash  (small  amount) 

Trace  minerals    (Small  amount) 

*Or  alfalfa  meal/pellets,  cottonseed  meal,  or 
other  organic  wastes  available  in  your  area. 

Build  soils  by  adding  organic  compost. 
Compost  weeds,  leaves,  lawn  clippings,  kitchen 
wastes,  wood  chips,  sawdust, —  any  organic 
materials  (preferably  plant  types  to  minimize 
disease  source). 

Phyllis  Austin,  Agatha  Thrash,  M.D., 
Calvin  Thrash,  M.D.,  Natural 
Remedies.  Family  Health  Publica- 
tions, 8777  E.  Musgrove  Hwy, 
Sunfield,  MI,  48890. 


Winston  J.  Craig,  Nutrition  for  the 
Nineties,  Golden  Harvest  Books,  P.  O. 
Box  47,  Eau  Claire,  Michigan.  49111. 


Milton  G.  Crane,  papers  on  The  Role 
of  Cholesterol  and  Excess  Fat  in  the 
Diet;  Another  Look  at  Fat  in  the  Diet; 
"Free  Radicals"  and  "Antioxidants,"  - 
Why  are  they  important?;  The  Use  of 


APPENDIX  C 


Organic  materials  break  down  more  quickly  in 
warmer  climates  and/or  areas  with  heavy 
rain- fall;  therefore,  they  do  not  add  much 
organic  material  to  soils.  In  cooler  climates 
with  plenty  of  rainfall  there  is  a  tendency 
toward  deeper  soils  and  the  preservation  of 
organic  matter  in  the  soil. 

Do  not  use  commercial  fertilizers. 

Do  not  use  lime  on  potatoes,  blueberries, 
rhododendrons,  nor  azaleas. 

Cultivate  to  keep  weeds  down. 

Banding  with  fertilizer:  Irrigate  garden 
regularly  to  keep  fertilizers  moving  down  with 
root  tips. 

Fruit  trees:     Plant  trees  in  full  sun. 

Prune  annually,  or  at  least  every  other 

year. 

Mulch  trees  with  straw,  alfalfa  hay,  or  weeds. 
These  should  be  placed  at  the  drip  line,  and 
kept  away  from  the  trunk  of  the  tree. 

In  the  spring  put  a  band  of  fertilizers,  including 
lime,  at  the  "drip  line".  Stir  into  the  soil  at 
least  1  inch  deep  with  a  potato  fork.  Be  careful 
not  to  dig  deep  enough  to  break  surface  feeder 
roots. 

Contributed  by  M.  G.  Tillotson 

Recommended  Reading 


Progesterone  and/or  Estrogen  in 
Osteoporosis;  andVitamin  B  Studies 
in  Total  Vegetarians  (Vegans),  c/o 
Weimar  Institute,  Box  486,  Weimar, 
CA,  95736.  (Send  stamped,  self- 
addressed  envelope  for  information 
on  these  and  other  papers /books  that 
are  available.) 


Clarence  W.  Dail,  M.D. /Charles  S. 
Thomas,  Ph.D.,  Simple  Remedies  for 
the  Home.  TEACH  Services,  182 
Donivan  Road,  Brushton,  New  York 
12916. 


S'Si@M  TMM  TWMS  ©IF  MS 
Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


Zane  R.  Kime,  M.D.,  M.S.,  Sunlight. 
World  Health  Publications,  Box 
Number  408,  Penryn,  CA,  95663. 


H.  E.  Kirschner,  M.D.,  and  Herbert 
Clarence  White,  A.B.,  Are  You  what  You 
Eat?  The  How  and  Why  of  Organic 
Gardening.  H.  C.  White  Publications, 
P.  O.  Box  8014,  Riverside,  California, 
92505 


Agatha  Thrash,  M.D.,  and  Calvin 
Thrash,  M.D.,  The  Animal  Connection. 
Uchee  Pines  Institute,  Seale,  AL. 
36875 


Agatha  Thrash,  M.D.  and  Calvin 
Thrash,  M.D.,  Charcoal.  New  Lifestyle 
Books,  Seale,  Alabama,  36875. 


Agatha  Thrash,  M.D.,  and  Calvin 
Thrash,  M.D.,  Home  Remedies. 
(Hydrotherapy,  Massage,  Charcoal, 
and  Other  Simple  Treatment.) 
Thrash  Publications,  Rt  1,  Box  273, 
Seale,  Alabama,  36875. 

Clifford  R  Anderson,  M.D.,  Modern  Ways  to  Health. 
Southern  Publishing  Association,  Nashville,  Tenn. 

Paddy  Shannon  Cook,  et  al,  Alcohol,  Tobacco,  and 
Other  Drugs  May  Harm  the  Unborn,  U.  S.  Department 
of  Health  and  Human  Services,  DHHS  Publication 
No.  (ADM)90-1711 

Edith  Young  Cottrell,  Research  Nutritionist,  The 
Oats,  Peas,  Beans  &  Barley  Cookbook,  The 
Woodbridge  Press,  P  O  Box  6189,  Santa  Barbara,  CA 
93111. 

Winston  J.  Craig,  Nutrition  for  the  Nineties,  Golden 
Harvest  Books,  P.  O.  Box  47,  Eau  Claire,  Michigan. 
49111. 

M.  G.  Hardinge,  Medical  Evangelism, 

College  of  Medical  Evangelists,  Loma  Linda,  CA 

Jay  Milton  Hoffman,  Ph.D.,  The  Missing  Link. 
Professional  Press  Publishing  Company,  13115 
Hunza  Hill  Terrace,  Valley  Center,  Calif.,  92082 


APPENDIX  D 


Agatha  Moody  Thrash,  M.D.,  and 
Calvin  L.  Thrash,  Jr.,  M.D.,  Nutrition 
for  Vegetarians,  Thrash  Publications, 
Uchee  Pines  Institute,  Health 
Education  Department,  Seale, 
Alabama,  36875. 


Ellen  G.  White,  Counsels  on  Diet  and 
Foods,  Review  and  Herald  Publishing 
Association,  Washington  D.C.,  20039- 
0555,   Hagerstown,  MD„  21740. 


Ellen  G.  White,  Ministry  of  Healing, 
Review  and  Herald  Publishing 
Association,  Washington,  DC,  20039- 
0555,  Hagerstown,  MD.,  21740. 


Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful  Living, 
Leaves-of- Autumn  Books,  P.  O.  Box 
440,  Payson,  Arizona,  85541 

Julius  Gilbert  White,  Abundant  Health. 
Northwestern  Publishing  Association, 
PO    Box    20234,     Sacramento,  CA, 
95820 
Bibliography 

J.  H.  Kellogg,  M.D.,  Health  Reformer. 

J.  H  Kellogg,  M.D.,  The  Home  Book  of  Modern 
Medicine,  Modern  Medicine  Publishing  Company, 
Ltd.,  Battle  Creek,  Michigan. 

Zane  R  Kime,  M.D.,  M.S.,  Sunlight.  World  Health 
Publications,  Box  Number  408,  Penryn,  CA,  95663. 

Surgeon  General's  Report,  Summary  and  Recom- 
mendations, 1988,  Superintendent  of  Documents,  U. 
S.  Government  Printing  Office,  Washington,  D.C., 
20402. 

Agatha  Thrash,  M.D.,  and  Calvin  Thrash,  M.D.,  The 
Animal  Connection.  Uchee  Pines  Institute,  Seale, 
AL.  36875 

Agatha  Thrash,  M.D.  and  Calvin  Thrash,  M.D., 
Charcoal.  New  Lifestyle  Books,  Seale,  Alabama, 
36875. 

Agatha  Thrash,  M.D.,  and  Calvin  Thrash,  M.D.,  Home 
Remedies.   (Hydrotherapy,  Massage,  Charcoal,  and 


Vegetarian  Whole  Foods  Cookery  and  Health  Seminar 


Other  Simple  Treatment.)  Thrash  Publications,  Rt  1, 
Box  273,  Seale,  Alabama,  36875. 

Agatha  Moody  Thrash,  M.D.,  and  Calvin  L  Thrash, 
Jr.,  M.D.,  Nutrition  for  Vegetarians,  Thrash 
Publications,  Uchee  Pines  Institute,  Health 
Education  Department,  Seale,  Alabama,  36875. 

Ellen  G.  White,  Counsels  on  Diet  and  Foods,  Review 
and  Herald  Association,  Washington  D.C.,  20039- 
0555,  Hagerstown,  MD.,  21740. 

Ellen  G.  White,  Ministry  of  Healing,  Review  and 
Herald  Publishing  Association,  Washington,  DC, 
20039-0555,  Hagerstown,  MD.,  21740. 

Ellen  G.  White,  Healthful  Living,  Leaves-of-Autumn 
Books,  P.  O.  Box  440,  Payson,  Arizona,  85541 

Ellen  G.  White,  Thoughts  from  the  Mount  of  Blessing, 
Pacific  Press  Publishing  Association,  Boise,  Idaho. 

Julius  Gilbert  White,  Abundant  Health. 
Northwestern  Publishing  Association,  P.  O.  Box 
20234,  Sacramento,  Calif.,  95820 

Periodicals,  J  ournals,  etc. 

Milton  G.  Crane,  papers  on  The  Role  of  Cholesterol 
and  Excess  Fat  in  the  Diet;  Another  Look  at  Fat  in 
the  Diet;  "Free  Radicals"  and  "Anti  oxidants,"  -  Why 
are  they  important?;  The  Use  of  Progesterone  and/or 
Estrogen  in  Osteoporosis;  and  Vitamin  B  Studies  in 
Total  Vegetarians  (Vegans),  c/o  Weimar  Institute, 
Box  486,  Weimar,  CA  95736. 

Adventist  Review,  55  West  Oak  Ridge  Drive, 
Hagerstown,  MD,  21740 

American  Journal  of  Cardiology,,  249  W  17th  Street, 
New  York,  NY,  1 00 1 1 -530 1 

American  Journal  of  Clinical  Nutrition,  9650 
Rockville  Pike,  Bethesda,  MD,  20814 

American  Journal  of  Medical  Science 

Archives  of  Neurology,  515  N.  State  Street,  Chicago, 
IL  60610 

Emphasis,  Your  Health,  Uchee  Pines  Institute,,  30 
Uchee  Pines  Road,  #31,  Seale,  Alabama,  36875-5703. 

Journal  of  American  Dietetic  Association,  The 
American  Dietetic  Association,  216  W  Jackson  Blvd., 
Suite  800,  Chicago,  IL,  60606-6995 

JAMA,  American  Medical  Association, 
535  N  Dearborn  St,  Chicago,  IL,  60610 


NUTRITION 


Reader's  Digest,  Reader's  Digest  Association,  Inc., 
Pleasantville,  NY  10570 

Science  Digest,  P  O  Box  10076,  Des  Moines,  IA  50350 

Science  News,  Science  Service,  Inc., 
1719  N  Street  NW,  Washington,  DC,  20036 

The  New  England  Journal  of  Medicine, 
Massachusetts  Medical  Society,  10  Shattuck  Street, 
Boston,  MA  021 15-6094;  P  O  Box  803,  Waltham,  MA, 
02254-0803. 

Weimar  Institute  TIDINGS,  PO  Box  486,  Weimar, 
CA,  95736-0486 


Nutrition  Review,  175  Fifth  Avenue,  New  York,  NY, 
10010 


