Welcome  To  E-Cookbooks! 

VJJE  Publishing  Co. 


Welcome  To  E-Cookbooks! 

Table  of  Contents 


Introduction:  1 

>  For  Optimal  Viewing:  2 

Cashew  Chicken  3 

Shrimp  Toast  4 

Moo  Goo  Gai  Pan.  5 

General  Tsao's  Chicken.  6 

Hunan  Beef.  7 

Barbecued  Spareribs  8 

Fried  Rice.  9 

Hot  and  Sour  Soup.  10 

Foo  Yung.  11 

Shrimp  with  Snow  Peas  12 

Egg  RoUs  13 

Hoisin  Beef  &  Scallion  Rolls  14 

Kung  Pao  Chicken  15 

Lo  Mein  16 

Fried  Won  Tons.  17 

Empress  Chicken  Wings.  18 

Mandarin  Pancakes  19 

Sesame  Chicken.  20 

Orange  Beef.  21 

Pork  with  Broccoli  in  Oyster  Sauce  22 

Garlic  Chicken  23 

Fortune  Cookies  24 


Welcome  To  E-Cookbooks! 

Table  of  Contents 


Cantonese  Roast  Duck.  25 

Bean  Sprout  Salad.  26 

Almond  Biscuits  27 


ii 


Free  Preview  Provided  By: 
www.e-cookbooks.net 
"The  Food  and  Cooking  Network" 

This  e-cookbook  may  be  distributed  freely: 
Pass  It  Along  To  A  Friend! 

(attach  it  in  your  next  email!) 

Thank  you  very  much  for  your  interest  in  our  recipes.  If  you 
have  any  questions  or  comments,  please  email: 
support(5)e-cookbooks.net 


FREE  Recipes  By  Email: 
Subscribe  to  the  VJJE  Recipe  Weekly 


Introduction: 


1 


>  For  Optimal  Viewing 


To  utilize  this  e-cookbook  efficiently,  we  suggest  the  following: 
•  Click  "View"  at  the  top  of  the  toolbar.  There  should  only  be  two  items 


•  Click  "Actual  Size"  if  anything  in  the  top  section  is  checked  (if  the  setting  is 
right  there  will  be  nothing  checked). 

•  Make  sure  "Continuous"  is  checked. 

•  Make  Sure  "Bookmarks  and  Page"  is  checked. 

•  Browse  through  the  recipes.  To  print,  click  "File"  then  "Print". 


checked. 


Discover  Our  Private  Library  Of  Electronic  Books: 


C  The  VJJE-Book  Library 
electronic-book-library.com 


>  For  Optimal  Viewing: 


2 


Cashew  Chicken 


3  Chicken  breasts,  boned  and  skinned 
1/2  lb.  Chinese  pea  pods 

1/2  lb.  Mushrooms 

4  Green  onions 

2  cups  Bamboo  shoots,  drained 

1  cup  Chicken  broth 
1/4  cup  Soy  sauce 

2  tb  Corn  starch 
1/2  ts  Sugar 
1/2  ts  Salt 

4  tb  Salad  oil 

1  pack  Cashew  nuts  (about  4-oz) 

Slice  breasts  horizontally  into  very  thin  slices  and  cut  into  inch  squares. 
Place  on  tray.  Prepare  vegetables,  removing  ends  and  strings  from  pea  pods, 
slicing  mushrooms,  green  part  of  onions,  and  the  bamboo  shoots.  Add  to  tray. 
Mix  soy  sauce,  cornstarch,  sugar,  and  salt.  Heat  1  tbls  of  oil  in  skillet 
over  moderate  heat,  add  all  the  nuts,  and  cook  1  min  shaking  the  pan, 
toasting  the  nuts  lightly.  Remove  and  reserve.  Pour  remaining  oil  in  pan,  fry 
chicken  quickly,  turning  often  until  it  looks  opaque.  Lower  heat  to  low.  Add 
pea  pods,  mushrooms,  and  broth.  Cover  and  cook  slowly  for  2  mins.  Remove 
cover,  add  soy  sauce  mixture,  bamboo  shoots,  and  cook  until  thickened, 
stirring  constantly.  Simmer  uncovered  a  bit  more  and  add  green  onions  and 
nuts  and  serve  immediately. 


Cashew  Chicken 


3 


Shrimp  Toast 


12  fresh  uncooked  large  shrimp 

1  egg 

2  1/2  tablespoons  cornstarch 
1/4  teaspoon  salt 

Pinch  pepper 

3  slices  sandwich  bread 
1  hard-cooked  egg  yolk 

1  slice  cooked  ham  (about  1  ounce) 

1  green  onion 

2  cups  vegetable  oil 

1 .  Remove  shells  from  shrimp,  leaving  tails  intact.  Remove  back  veins 
from  shrimp.  Cut  down  back  of  shrimp  with  sharp  knife.  Gently  press 
shrimp  with  fingers  to  flatten. 

2.  Beat  1  egg,  cornstarch,  salt  and  pepper  in  a  small  bowl  until  blended. 
Add  shrimp  to  egg  mixture  and  toss  until  shrimp  are  completely  coated. 

3.  Remove  crusts  from  bread.  Cut  each  slice  into  quarter.  Place  one 
shrimp,  cut  side  down,  on  each  bread  piece.  Gently  press  shrimp  to 
adhere  to  bread.  Brush  or  rub  small  amount  of  egg  mixture  over  each 
shrimp. 

4.  Cut  egg  yolk  and  ham  into  1/2  inch  pieces.  Finely  chop  onion. 
Place  one  piece  each  of  egg  yolk  and  ham  and  a  scant  1/4  teaspoon 
chopped  onion  on  each  shrimp. 

5.  Heat  oil  in  wok  over  medium-high  heat  until  it  reaches  375F. 
Fry  3  or  4  shrimp-bread  pieces  at  a  time  in  the  hot  oil  until  golden, 
1  to  2  minutes  on  each  side.  Drain  on  absorbent  paper. 


More  FREE  Cookbooks! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Shrimp  Toast 


4 


Moo  Goo  Gai  Pan 


4  chicken  breast  halves,  skinned,  boned  and  sliced 
salt  and  pepper 

4  cloves  garlic,  minced 
2  cups  water 

1  tb  cornstarch 

5  tb  corn  oil 

8  oz.  fresh  mushrooms,  sliced 

4  lb.  bok  choy  or  Chinese  white  cabbage,  chopped 

2  tb  sugar 

4  tb  soy  sauce 

6  scallions,  chopped 

1 .  In  a  bowl,  toss  chicken  with  the  salt  and  pepper,  garlic  and  cornstarch 
mixture.  Set  aside. 

2.  Heat  3  tablespoons  of  corn  oil  in  a  wok  and  stir  in  mushrooms,  bok 
choy/cabbage  and  sugar  for  2  minutes.  Cover  and  cook  for  5  minutes. 
Remove  from  wok. 

3.  Heat  remaining  corn  oil  in  wok.  Stir-fry  chicken  for  2  minutes  over  high 
heat.  Add  soy  sauce  and  mix  well.  Cover  and  cook  for  about  6  minutes, 
or  until  the  chicken  is  thoroughly  cooked. 

4.  Mix  in  the  cooked  vegetables  and  scallions.  Stir  fry  together  for  about  1 
minute.  Serve  hot  with  rice. 


More  FREE  Cookbooks! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Moo  Goo  Gai  Pan 


5 


General  Tsao's  Chicken 


Sauce: 
1/2  cup  cornstarch 
1/4  cup  water 
1+1/2  tsp  minced  garlic 
1+1/2  tsp  minced  ginger  root 
3/4  cup  sugar 
1/2  cup  soy  sauce 
1/4  cup  white  vinegar 
1/4  cup  cooking  wine 
1+1/2  cup  hot  chicken  broth 
1  tsp  monosodium  glutamate  (optional) 

Meat: 

3  lbs  deboned  dark  chicken  meat,  cut  into  large  chunks 
1/4  cup  soy  sauce 
1  tsp  white  pepper 
1  egg 

1  cup  cornstarch 
Vegetable  oil  for  deep-frying 

2  cups  sliced  green  onions 
16  small  dried  hot  peppers 

Mix  1/2  cup  cornstarch  with  water.  Add  garlic,  ginger,  sugar,  1/2  cup 
soy  sauce,  vinegar,  wine,  chicken  broth  and  MSG  (if  desired).  Stir  until 
sugar  dissolves.  Refrigerate  until  needed. 

In  separate  bowl,  mix  chicken,  1/4  cup  soy  sauce  and  white  pepper. 
Stir  in  egg.  Add  1  cup  cornstarch  and  mix  until  chicken  pieces  are 
coated  evenly.  Add  cup  of  vegetable  oil  to  help  separate  chicken  pieces. 

Divide  chicken  into  small  quantities  and  deep-fry  at  350  degrees  until 
crispy.  Drain  on  paper  towels. 

Place  a  small  amount  of  oil  in  wok  and  heat  until  wok  is  hot.  Add  onions 
and  peppers  and  stir-fry  briefly.  Stir  sauce  and  add  to  wok. 
Place  chicken  in  sauce  and  cook  until  sauce  thickens. 


More  FREE  Cookbooks! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net 


General  Tsao's  Chicken 


6 


Hunan  Beef 


2  cups  broccoli  florets 
2  tablespoons  cooking  oil 
2  teaspoons  minced  garlic 
4  small  dried  red  chilies 

1  teaspoon  cornstarch  dissolved  in  2  teaspoons  water 
Marinade: 

2  tablespoons  soy  sauce 

2  teaspoons  cornstarch 

1  tablespoon  Chinese  rice  wine  or  dry  sherry 

3/4  pound  flank  steak,  thinly  sliced  across  the  grain 

Sauce: 

3  tablespoons  Chinese  black  vinegar  or  balsamic  vinegar 
1  tablespoon  soy  sauce 

1  tablespoon  Chinese  rice  wine  or  dry  sherry 

2  teaspoons  sugar 

2  teaspoons  chili  garlic  sauce 
1  teaspoon  sesame  oil 

1 .  Combine  marinade  ingredients  in  a  bowl.  Add  beef  and  stir  to  coat.  Let 
stand  for  10  minutes. 

2.  Combine  sauce  ingredients  in  a  bowl. 

3.  Place  broccoli  in  a  large  pot  with  1  inch  of  boiling  water.  Boil  until 
tender-crisp,  2  to  3  minutes;  drain. 

4.  Place  a  wok  over  high  heat  until  hot.  Add  oil,  swirling  to  coat  sides.  Add 
garlic  and  chilies  and  cook,  stirring,  until  fragrant,  about  10  seconds.  Add 
beef  and  stir-fry  until  no  longer  pink,  1  1/2  to  2  minutes. 

5.  Add  broccoli  and  sauce  to  wok;  bring  to  a  boil.  Add  cornstarch  solution 
and  cook,  stirring,  until  sauce  boils  and  thickens. 


More  FREE  Cookbooks! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Hunan  Beef 


7 


Barbecued  Spareribs 


2  banks  of  spareribs,  uncut,  about  2  pounds  each 

3  cloves  garlic,  minced 
1/2  cup  ketchup 

1/2  cup  sweet  bean  sauce  (hoi  sin  deung)  or  hoi  sin  sauce 
1/2  cup  soy  sauce 
1/4  cup  sherry 

Trim  off  excess  fat  from  the  thick  edges  of  spareribs.  Place  ribs 
in  a  shallow  pan  or  platter.  Mix  remaining  ingredients  for  a 
marinade  and  spread  over  both  sides  of  the  spareribs.  Let  stand 
for  at  least  two  hours. 

Place  one  oven  rack  at  the  top  of  the  oven  and  one  at  the  bottom. 
Preheat  to  375F.  Hook  each  bank  of  spareribs  with  3  or  4  S-hooks 
across  its  width,  on  the  thick  edges,  and  suspend  under  top  rack. 
Place  a  large  pan  with  1/2"  water  on  bottom  rack.  This  pan  will 
catch  the  drippings  and  keep  the  meat  from  drying  out.  Cook 
spareribs  for  about  45  minutes. 


More  FREE  Cookbooks! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Barbecued  Spareribs 


8 


Fried  Rice 


2  eggs 

1  teaspoon  MSG  (optional) 

1/8  teaspoon  groung  white  pepper 
1/4  cup  soy  sauce 
4  cups  cooked  rice 

4  scallions,  chopped,  including  green  ends 

2  cups  diced  cooked  pork,  ham,  chicken,  shrimp,  or  any  meat 
1  slice  ginger,  minced 

1  clove  garlic,  minced 

1/4  cup  sliced  mushrooms  (optional) 
1/4  cup  vegetable  oil 

Put  first  four  ingredients  in  a  mixing  bowl  and  stir  slightly; 
the  eggs  should  not  be  well  beaten. 

Heat  wok  or  pan  hot  and  dry.  Add  the  oil.  Brown  the  garlic  and 
ginger  slightly,  then  add  the  rice.  Cook  for  2-3  minutes,  stirring 
to  break  up  lumps  and  coat  with  oil.  Add  the  rest  of  the  ingredients 
except  the  egg  mixture.  Fry  and  stir  constantly  until  thoroughly 
mixed.  Add  the  egg  mixture  while  stirring  the  rice  so  it  will  cover 
as  much  of  the  ingredients  in  the  pan  as  possible.  Cook  about 

2  minutes,  stirring  constantly.  Serve  while  hot. 


More  FREE  Cookbooks! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Fried  Rice 


9 


Hot  and  Sour  Soup 


2  1/2  quarts  chicken  stock 

1  block  (16  oz.)  of  tofu,  cut  into  1  1/2  inch  long  strips 
5  shitake  mushrooms,  cut  into  thin  slices 
1/2  cup  soy  sauce 
1/2  tsp.  white  pepper 
1/2  cup  white  vinegar 

1  1/2  cups  bamboo  shoot  strips 

2  tablespoons  cornstarch  dissolved  in  4  tablespoons  water 

3  eggs,  beaten 
1/2  tsp.  sesame  oil 

Combine  first  seven  ingredients  in  a  pot  and  bring  to  a  boil. 
Drizzle  the  cornstarch  mixture  into  the  soup,  stirring  to  thicken. 
Then  drizzle  beaten  eggs  into  soup,  stirring.  Top  with  sesame  oil. 

More  FREE  Cookbooks! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Hot  and  Sour  Soup 


10 


Foo  Yung 


6  eggs,  beaten  well 

1  cup  shredded  cooked  meat  (roast  pork,  shrimp,  almost  any!) 

2  cups  fresh  bean  sprouts  (or  1  can) 

2  scallions,  chopped,  including  the  green  ends 

1  medium  onion,  shredded 

1  teaspoon  sugar 

1/8  teaspoon  ground  pepper 

1  teaspoon  MSG  (optional) 

2  tablespoons  soy  sauce 

1/2  cup  chicken  stock  or  water 
Vegetable  oil  for  frying 

Make  gravy  if  desired  (recipe  follows).  Preheat  oven  to  200F.  Line 
a  platter  with  several  thicknesses  of  paper  towel.  Mix  all  ingredients 
except  the  vegetable  oil  together  in  a  mixing  bowl. 
Heat  a  frying  pan  hot  and  dry.  Put  in  vegetable  oil  to  a  depth  of 
about  1/2  inch.  Keep  oil  at  this  level  by  adding  more,  as  some  is 
absorbed  in  cooking.  Bring  oil  temperature  to  medium.  Stir  up  the 
omelet  mixture  each  time  before  you  take  a  scoopful  of  it  out,  in 
order  to  have  the  proper  ratio  of  liquid  and  solid  ingredients  in  each. 

With  a  ladle  or  soup  scoop,  take  a  scoop  of  the  egg  mixture  and  gently 
put  into  the  frying  pan.  When  the  first  omelet  has  stiffened,  gently 
move  it  over  to  make  room  for  the  next.  The  number  of  omelets  you 
can  make  at  once  depends  on  the  size  of  your  frying  pan.  When  one 
side  of  the  omelet  has  turned  golden  brown,  turn  over  gently  with 
pancake  turner  to  fry  the  other  side.  When  done,  transfer  from 
frying  pan  onto  paper-lined  platter.  Keep  warm  in  oven  until  all 
the  omelets  can  be  served  together.  Serve  with  or  without  gravy. 

Gravy: 
1  1/2  cups  chicken  stock 

1  tablespoon  cornstarch 

2  tablespoons  soy  sauce 

1  teaspoon  MSG  (optional) 
1/8  teaspoon  ground  pepper 
Pinch  of  salt 

Mix  all  the  ingredients  together  in  a  saucepan.  Bring  to  a  boil 
slowly  with  frequent  stirring.  When  gravy  has  thickened,  turn  heat 
to  very  low  to  keep  it  warm  until  ready  to  use. 


Foo  Yung 


11 


Shrimp  with  Snow  Peas 


2/3  lb.  tiger  prawns 

Marinade  for  shrimp: 
1  1/2  tsp.  sherry 
1/2  tsp.  salt 
1/2  tsp.  grated  ginger 
1  1/2  tsp.  cornstarch 
1  tsp.  water 

Seasoning: 
1  Tb.  chicken  broth 
3  Tb.  water 
1/2  tsp.  cornstarch 
3  Tb.  oyster  sauce  (very  important) 
1  Tb.  hoisin  sauce 

also  needed: 
1/2  cup  vegetable  oil 
1  clove  garlic,  pressed  or  minced 
1/4  tsp.  salt 
1/2  lb.  snow  peas 

Shell  and  devein  prawns.  Rinse  and  pat  dry  with  a  paper  towel.  Combine 
marinade  in  medium  bowl.  Add  prawns  and  mix  well.  Let  stand  30  mins. 
Heat  wok  over  medium  heat,  add  oil,  and  stir  fry  garlic  for  15  sees.  Add 
prawns  and  stir  fry  until  pink.  Remove  from  wok,  and  place  on  plate. 
Add  salt  and  snow  peas  to  oil  in  wok.  Stir  fry  30  sees.  Add  seasoning 
sauce  and  stir  slightly  until  think  and  bubbly.  Add  cooked  prawns.  Stir 
to  coat  everything  with  sauce.  Serve  hot  with  cooked  rice. 


More  FREE  Cookbooks! 
http://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Shrimp  with  Snow  Peas 


12 


Egg  Rolls 


1  lb.  Chinese  cabbage  (Napa) 

2  stalks  celery 

1/2  lb.  cooked  shrimp 

1/2  lb.  cooked  pork  or  chicken  livers 

10  water  chestnuts 

1/3  cup  bamboo  shoots 

1  tsp.  salt 

1  tsp.  sugar 

Liberal  dash  pepper 

1/2  tsp.  light  soy  sauce 

1/4  tsp.  sesame  oil 

1  beaten  egg 

10  egg  roll  skins 

3  cups  oil 

PREPARATION:  Boil  cabbage  and  celery  until  very  tender.  Drain  and  squeeze 
out  excess  water.  Shred  very  fine  and  set  aside  to 
drain  further.  Parboil  shrimp  and  fry  or  bake  pork.  Mince  both.  Shred 
water  chestnuts  and  bamboo  shoots.  Mix  all  ingredients  but  egg  together. 
Beat  egg.  Wrap  filling  in  egg  roll  skins  and  seal  with  egg. 

COOKING:  Heat  oil  in  wok  or  deep  fat  fryer  to  375  degrees  and  drop  in  egg 
rolls.  When  skin  turns  light  golden  brown,  remove  from  oil  and  drain.  (At 
this  point  restaurants  refrigerate  them  and  finish  the  cooking  process  as 
needed.)  When  cool,  drop  again  into  hot  oil  and  fry  until  golden  brown. 
Makes  10. 

The  two-stage  deep  frying  method  is  actually  a  professional  Chinese  chefs' 
secret.  It  assures  that  the  inside  will  be  moist  and  not  overcooked  (as 
anything  overcooked  becomes  dry)  and  the  outside  will  be  crisp. 

More  FREE  Cookbooks! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Egg  Rolls 


13 


Hoisin  Beef  &  Scallion  Rolls 


1  whole  flank  steak 
1/2  cup  soy  sauce 
3  cloves  garlic 

1/2  cup  ginger  — chopped,  fresh 
dash  black  pepper 
1/2  cup  hoisin  sauce 
1  bunch  scallions 

In  a  shallow  dish,  mix  together  the  soy  sauce,  oil,  garlic,  ginger,  and 
some  pepper.  Add  the  beef  and  marinate  overnight  in  the  refrigerator, 
turning  once.  Heat  the  broiler.  Pat  the  marinated  meat  dry  and  broil 
the  steak,  about  4  inches  from  the  heat,  until  rare,  5  to  6  minutes 
per  side.  Cool  completely  and  then  slice  very  think  on  the  bias,  across 
the  grain  of  the  meat.  Trim  the  slices  to  form  approximately  2x4  inch 
strips.  Brush  a  thin  layer  of  hoisin  sauce  on  each  strip  of  beef.  Lay 
a  small  bundle  of  scallion  julienne  at  one  end  and  roll  up  securely. 
Arrange  on  trays,  seam  side  down,  cover  tightly  with  plastic  wrap 
(make  sure  the  plastic  is  in  close  contact  with  the  beef), 
and  refrigerate  until  time  to  serve. 

More  FREE  Cookbooks! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Hoisin  Beef  &  Scallion  Rolls 


14 


Kung  Pao  Chicken 


2  tablespoons  oyster  sauce 

1  teaspoon  cornstarch 

3/4  pound  boneless,  skinless  chicken 

Sauce: 

1/4  cup  Chinese  black  vinegar  or  balsamic  vinegar 
1/4  cup  chicken  broth 

3  tablespoons  Chinese  rice  wine  or  dry  sherry 

2  tablespoons  hoisin  sauce 

1  tablespoon  soy  sauce 

2  teaspoons  sesame  oil 

2  teaspoons  chili  garlic  sauce 
2  teaspoons  sugar 
2  1/2  tablespoons  cooking  oil 
8  small  dried  red  chilies 

4  teaspoons  minced  garlic 
2  stalks  celery,  diced 

1/2  red  bell  pepper,  cut  into  1-inch  squares 

1  can  (8  oz.)  sliced  bamboo  shoots,  drained 

2  teaspoons  cornstarch  dissolved  in  1  tablespoon  water 
1/3  cup  roasted  peanuts 

1.  Combine  marinade  ingredients  in  a  bowl.  Cut  chicken  into  1-inch  pieces. 
Place  chicken  in  marinade  and  stir  to  coat.  Let  stand  for  10  minutes. 

2.  Combine  sauce  ingredients  in  a  bowl. 

3.  Place  a  wok  over  high  heat  until  hot.  Add  2  tablespoons  oil,  swirling  to 
coat  sides.  Add  chilies  and  cook,  stirring,  until  fragrant,  about  10 
seconds.  Add  chicken  and  stir-fry  for  2  minutes.  Remove  chicken  and 
chilies  from  wok. 

4.  Add  remaining  1/2  tablespoon  oil  to  wok,  swirling  to  coat  sides.  Add  garlic 
and  cook,  stirring,  until  fragrant,  about  10  seconds.  Add  celery,  bell 
pepper,  and  bamboo  shoots;  stir-fry  for  1  1/2  minutes. 

5.  Return  chicken  and  chilies  to  wok;  stir-fry  for  1  minute.  Add  sauce  and 
bring  to  a  boil.  Add  cornstarch  solution  and  cook,  stirring,  until  sauce 
boils  and  thickens.  Add  peanuts  and  stir  to  coat. 

More  FREE  Cookbooks! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Kung  Pao  Chicken 


15 


Lo  Mein 


4  cups  cooked  Chinese  noodles  (or  very  thin  spaghetti) 
rinsed  and  drained 

12  oz.  diced  cooked  meat  (beef,  chicken,  pork  ...  any) 

1  package  frozen  French-style  green  beans,  thawed 

2  cups  fresh  bean  sprouts 

3  scallions,  chopped 

1  slice  ginger,  shredded 
1  clove  garlic,  minced 
1  teas.  MSG  (Accent) 

1  teas,  sugar 

1/4  cup  soy  sauce 
3/4  cup  vegetable  oil 
1/4  teas,  sesame  oil 

2  Tbls.  sherry 

Mix  together  MSG,  sugar,  and  soy  sauce.  Set  aside. 
Heat  wok  or  pan  hot  and  dry.  Add  just  3  tablespoons  of  the 
vegetable  oil  and  all  the  sesame  oil.  Put  in  ginger  and  garlic  to 
brown  first,  then  all  the  other  vegetables.  Stir  and  cook  for  one 
minute  over  high  heat.  Add  the  sherry.  Cover  and  cook  one 
minute  longer.  Turn  off  heat.  Remove  vegetables,  and  drain; 
discard  these  juices.  Set  drained  vegetables  aside. 
Heat  wok  or  pan  dry  again.  Put  in  remainder  of  oil.  Turn  heat 
to  medium.  Add  cooked  noodles  and  stir  constantly  to  heat 
through  and  to  coat  the  noodles  with  oil  for  a  couple  minutes. 
Add  your  choice  of  meat  and  reserved  vegetables;  mix 
thoroughly.  Add  reserved  soy  sauce  mixture  and  stir  until 
noodles  become  one  even  color.  Serve. 


More  FREE  Cookbooks! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Lo  Mein 


16 


Fried  Won  Tons 


1  lb.  Won  ton  skins 

1/2  lb.  Fresh  ground  pork 

1/2  lb.  Fresh  prawns 

4  Dried  mushrooms,  soaked  for  2  hours 

8  Water  chestnuts,  finely  chopped 

2  Stalks  green  onions,  finely  chopped 
2  small  Eggs,  beaten 

1/4  ts  Pepper 
1  1/2  ts  Salt 

Yield:  About  60  to  70. 

Shell  and  devein  prawns.  Mince  fine.  Stem  mushrooms  and  mince  caps. 
Mix  with  prawns,  pork,  water  chestnuts,  green  onions,  half  of  the 
beaten  eggs  and  all  of  the  seasonings. 

WRAPPING: 

Place  won  ton  squares  on  working  surface  so  corners  face  up,  down, 
left  and  right.  Place  1  teaspoon  filling  in  the  center  of  each  skin. 

Dip  a  little  of  the  beaten  egg  onto  the  bottom  corner,  bring  top 
corner  to  meet  bottom  corner.  Press  to  seal.  Moisten  left  corner 
and  bring  right  corner  to  meet  it.  Press  to  seal.  This  should  give 
you  a  little  bundle  that  looks  kind  of  like  a  nurses  hat. 

FRYING: 

Heat  4  cups  oil  in  wok.  Fry  wrapped  won  ton  until  golden  (about  2 
minutes).  Turn  over  once.  Drain  and  serve  hot. 

More  FREE  Cookbooks! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Fried  Won  Tons 


17 


Empress  Chicken  Wings 


1  1/2  pounds  Chicken  Wings 

3  tablespoons  Soy  Sauce 

1  tablespoon  Dry  Sherry 

1  tablespoon  Minced  Fresh  Ginger  Root 

1  Clove  Garlic,  Minced 

2  tablespoons  Vegetable  Oil 
1/3  cup  Cornstarch 

2/3  cup  Water 

2  Green  Onions  And  Tops,  Cut  Into  Thin  Slices 
1  teaspoon  Slivered  Fresh  Ginger  Root 

Disjoint  the  chicken  wings;  discard  tips  (or  save  for  stock).  Combine  soy 
sauce,  sherry,  minced  ginger  and  garlic  in  a  large  bowl;  stir  in  chicken. 
Cover  and  refrigerate  for  1  hour,  stirring  occasionally.  Remove  chicken; 
reserve  marinade.  Heat  oil  in  large  skillet  over  medium  heat.  Lightly  coat 
chicken  pieces  with  cornstarch;  add  to  skillet  and  brown  slowly  on  all  sides. 
Remove  chicken;  drain  off  fat.  Stir  water  and  reserved  marinade  into  same 
skillet.  Add  chicken;  sprinkle  green  onions  and  slivered  ginger  evenly  over 
chicken.  Cover  and  simmer  for  5  minutes,  or  until  chicken  is  tender. 


More  FREE  Cookbooks! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Empress  Chicken  Wings 


18 


Mandarin  Pancakes 


2  cups  flour 

3/4  cup  boiling  water 

2  tablespoons  sesame  oil 

1 .  Place  flour  in  a  bowl.  Add  boiling  water,  stirring  with  chopsticks  or  a 
fork  until  dough  is  evenly  moistened.  On  a  lightly  floured  board,  knead 
dough  until  smooth  and  satiny,  about  5  minutes.  Cover  and  let  rest  for  30 
minutes. 

2.  On  a  lightly  floured  board,  roll  dough  into  a  cylinder;  cut  into  16  equal 
pieces.  Roll  each  piece  into  a  ball,  then  flatten  slightly  into  a  pancake. 
Brush  top  of  each  pancake  with  a  light  coating  of  sesame  oil. 

3.  Place  1  pancake  on  top  of  a  second  pancake,  oiled  sides  together.  With  a 
rolling  pin,  roll  to  make  a  circle  6  inches  in  diameter.  Stack  and  roll 
remaining  pairs  of  pancakes  the  same  way.  Cover  with  a  damp  cloth  to 
prevent  drying. 

Cooking: 

1 .  Place  a  nonstick  frying  pan  over  Im  heat  until  hot.  Add  1  pair  of  pancakes 
and  cook,  turning  once,  until  lightly  browned  and  bubbles  appear  on  the 
surface,  about  2  minutes  on  each  side.  Remove  from  pan  and  separate 
into  2  pancakes  while  still  hot.  Stack  cooked  pancakes  on  a  plate  while 
cooking  remaining  pairs  of  pancakes. 

2.  Serve  pancakes  hot.  If  making  ahead,  reheat  pancakes  in  a  microwave 
oven  or  wrap  in  a  clean  dish  towel  and  steam  in  a  bamboo  steamer  for 

5  minutes. 


More  FREE  Cookbooks! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Mandarin  Pancakes 


19 


Sesame  Chicken 


1  pound  boneless  chicken  (or  pork  or  steak) 

2  tablespoons  sesame  seeds 

1  tablespoon  sesame  oil 

2  tablespoons  vegetable  oil 

4  ounces  small  mushrooms,  quartered 

1  large  green  bell  pepper,  seeded  and  cut  into  strips 
4  scallions,  chopped  diagonally 

boiled  rice,  to  serve 

Marinade: 

2  teaspoons  cornstarch 

2  tablespoons  Chinese  rice  wine  or  dry  sherry 

1  tablespoon  lemon  juice 

1  tablespoon  soy  sauce 

few  drops  of  Tabasco  sauce 

1-inch  piece  fresh  ginger,  grated 

1  garlic  clove,  crushed 

1 .  Trim  the  meat  and  cut  into  thin  strips  about  1/2x2  inch. 

2.  Make  the  marinade.  In  a  bowl,  blend  the  cornstarch  with  the  rice  wine  or 
dry  sherry,  then  stir  in  the  lemon  juice,  soy  sauce,  Tabasco  sauce,  ginger 
and  garlic.  Stir  in  the  strips,  cover  and  leave  in  a  cool  place  for  3-4  hours. 

3.  Place  the  sesame  seeds  in  a  wok  or  large  frying  pan  and  dry-fry  over 
moderate  heat,  shaking  the  pan,  until  the  seeds  are  golden.  Set  aside. 

4.  Heat  the  sesame  and  vegetable  oils  in  the  wok  or  frying  pan.  Drain  the 
meat,  reserving  the  marinade,  and  stir-  fry  a  few  pieces  at  a  time  until 
browned.  Remove  with  a  slotted  spoon. 

5.  Add  the  mushrooms  and  green  pepper  and  stir-fry  for  2-3  minutes.  Add 
the  scallions  and  1  minute  more. 

6.  Return  the  meat  to  the  wok  or  frying  pan,  together  with  the  reserved 
marinade,  and  stir  over  a  moderate  heat  for  a  further  2  minutes,  or  until 
the  ingredients  are  evenly  coated  with  glaze.  Sprinkle  the  sesame  seeds 
on  top  and  serve  immediately  with  boiled  rice. 


More  FREE  Cookbooks! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Sesame  Chicken 


20 


Orange  Beef 


1/2  Lb.  Top  round  steak 
2  Tb  Sherry 
2  Tb  Cornstarch 
2  Egg  whites 
6  Tb  Peanut  oil 

SAUCE: 

1  1/2  cups  Beef  stock 

2  Tb  Light  soy  sauce 
1  Ts  Sugar 

1  1/2  Tb  Cornstarch 
1  Ts  Red  wine  vinegar 

5  Dried  red  chile  peppers,  broken  into  pieces 

8  Thin  slices  of  orange  rind  (orange  part  only)  or  more 

Fresh  ground  black  pepper  to  taste 

Whisk  together  the  sherry,  cornstarch,  and  egg  whites  until  the  mixture 
is  foamy.  Add  the  beef  and  toss  to  coat  the  pieces  well.  Set  aside. 
Cut  meat  into  2x2-inch  pieces.  Heat  4  tbs.  Peanut  oil  in  wok. 
Fry  quickly,  just  until  crispy  and  browned,  remove  to  wok  rack  to  drain. 
Add  remaining  2  tbs.  Peanut  oil  to  wok.  Add  orange  rind  and  red  peppers 
to  hot  oil  in  wok.  Stir-fry  until  orange  rind  begins  to  darken  and  aroma 
from  oil  becomes  pleasant.  Add  remaining  ingredients  and  stir  until  bubbly 
(add  more  beef  stock  if  too  thick).  Add  fried  beef  and  toss  to  coat  with 
sauce.  Serve  at  once  with  steamed  white  rice. 


More  FREE  Cookbooks! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Orange  Beef 


21 


Pork  with  Broccoli  in  Oyster  Sauce 


1  teaspoon  sugar 

1  tablespoon  cornstarch 

1  teaspoon  MSG  (optional) 
1/4  cup  oyster  sauce 

1/2  cup  chicken  stock 

2  cups  sliced  lean  pork  (about  1  pound) 

1  bunch  (about  2  pounds)  fresh  brocolli,  sliced 

2  slices  ginger,  shredded 
1  clove  garlic,  minced 
1/4  cup  vegetable  oil 

1/8  teaspoon  salt 
1/4  cup  water 

Mix  together  first  five  ingredients  and  set  aside. 
Heat  wok  or  pan  until  hot  and  dry.  Add  the  oil,  then  the  salt. 
Turn  heat  to  medium.  Add  the  ginger  and  the  garlic  and  fry  until 
golden  brown.  Turn  heat  to  high.  Add  the  pork  and  fry  until  outside 
is  lightly  browned.  Add  the  broccoli  and  stir-fry  for  3  minutes. 
Add  the  water,  cover,  and  cook  for  4  minutes.  Pour  in  reserved 
sauce  mixture;  stir  while  cooking  until  gravy  thickens.  Turn  heat 
down  to  low,  cover,  and  cook  for  2  minutes  more.  Place  in  covered 
serving  dish  until  ready  to  serve. 


More  FREE  Cookbooks! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Pork  with  Broccoli  in  Oyster  Sauce 


22 


Garlic  Chicken 


4  boneless,  skinless  chicken  breast  halves  (about  1  lb.) 
1  egg  white 

1  Tablespoon  cornstarch 

1  Tablespoon  dry  white  wine  or  sherry 

4  green  onions 

1  teaspoon  minced  gingerroot 

3  teaspoons  minced  fresh  garlic  (about  6  medium  cloves) 

2  Tablespoons  vegetable  oil 
Hot  cooked  rice 

SAUCE 

1  teaspoon  crushed  chili  paste  (sambal  oelek)  or  more  to  taste 

2  teaspoons  sugar 

1  teaspoon  cornstarch 

2  teaspoons  rice  vinegar 

1  Tablespoon  water 

2  Tablespoons  dry  white  wine  or  sherry 
2  Tablespoons  soy  sauce 

Place  chicken  breasts  in  freezer  for  1  to  2  hours  or  until  very  firm 
but  not  frozen  solid.  Slice  crosswise  into  thin  shreds.  In  small  bowl, 
lightly  beat  egg  white,  then  mix  in  1  TBS  cornstach  and  1  TBS  wine, 
stirring  until  cornstarch  is  dissolved.  Add  chicken  and  mix  well  to  coat 
all  pieces.  Let  stand  at  room  temperature  30  minutes. 

Meanwhile,  slice  green  onions  on  the  diagonal  into  very  thin  slices. 
Mince  gingerroot  and  garlic.  Combine  Sauce  ingredients,  mixing  well. 
Heat  wok  or  frying  pan,  add  oil,  and  stir-fry  chicken  until  no  longer  pink. 
Remove  chicken  with  a  slotted  spoon.  Add  onions,  ginger  and  garlic  to 
wok  and  stir-fry  about  30  seconds,  until  ginger  and  garlic  are  fragrant 
but  not  brown.  Return  chicken  to  wok,  restir  sauce  ingredients  and  add 
to  wok.  Cook,  stirring  constantly,  until  mixture  is  well  combined,  hot  and 
bubbly  and  thickens  slightly.  Turn  off  heat  and  splash  with  about  1  tsp 
of  dark  sesame  oil.  Serve  over  rice. 


More  FREE  Cookbooks! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Garlic  Chicken 


23 


Fortune  Cookies 


8  oz.  All-purpose  flour 

2  Tbl.  Cornstarch 

4  oz.  Sugar 

1/2  teas.  Salt 

4  oz.  Vegetable  oil 

4  oz.  Egg  whites 

1  Tbl.  Water 

2  teas.  Vanilla  extract. 

1 .  In  a  deep  bowl,  mix  the  following  ingredients:  8  oz.  Flour,  2  tablespoons 
corn  starch,  4  oz  sugar  and  1/2  teaspoon  salt,  blend  in  4  oz.  oil,  4  oz.  Egg 
whites,  1  tablespoon  water  and  2  teaspoons  vanilla  extract,  and  beat  until 
smooth  consistency. 

2.  Write  your  own  "Fortune"  on  a  piece  of  paper  2  1/2"  by  1/2".  Prepared 
oven  to  300F. 

3.  Scoop  a  tablespoon  of  cookie  batter  and  spread  evenly  into  a  4"  circle 
on  a  well  greased  baking  sheet. 

4.  Bake  cookie  for  about  14  minutes  or  until  lightly  golden  brown.  Remove 
one  cookie  at  a  time  from  the  oven. 

5.  You  have  about  15  seconds  working  time  before  the  cookie  hardens. 
Place  the  "Fortune"  in  the  middle  of  the  cookie. 

6.  Shape  the  cookie  by  folding  it  in  half  and  grasp  both  ends.  Place  the 
finished  cookie  in  a  muffin  pan  with  the  ends  down  to  hold  its  unique  shape. 

More  FREE  Cookbooks! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Fortune  Cookies 


24 


Cantonese  Roast  Duck 


1  duck,  about  5  pounds,  fresh  or  frozen 
1  tablespoon  salt 
1  scallion 

3  slices  fresh  ginger 
Glaze: 

1  tablespoon  light  corn  syrup 

2  tablespoons  water 

1  tablespoon  soy  sauce 

Few  sprigs  fresh  cilantro,  for  garnish 

1 .  Thaw  the  duck,  if  frozen.  Remove  any  excess  fat,  and  rinse  and  pat  dry 
with  paper  towels.  Rub  the  entire  surface  of  the  duck,  inside  and  out, 
with  the  salt.  Cover  and  refrigerate  for  several  hours,  or,  overnight. 

2.  Put  the  scallion  in  the  cavity  and  lay  the  slices  of  ginger  on  top  of 
the  duck.  Add  at  least  2  inches  of  water  to  a  large  flameproof  roasting 
pan  with  a  lid  and  put  the  pan  on  the  stove.  Place  a  large  rack  in  the 
roasting  pan  and  bring  the  water  to  a  boil.  Choose  an  oval  casserole  large 
enough  to  hold  the  duck  and  small  enough  to  fit  into  the  roasting  pan. 
Place  the  duck  in  the  casserole  and  then  put  the  casserole  on  the  rack. 
Cover  and  steam  for  1  hour,  checking  the  water  level  from  time  to  time 
and  adding  more  boiling  water  if  necessary.  Save  the  duck  broth  to  use  in 
soups  or  stir  fry  dishes.  When  done,  remove  the  duck  from  the  casserole 
and  place  it  on  a  rack  to  dry. 

3.  Combine  the  ingredients  for  the  glaze  in  a  small  saucepan  and  bring  to 
a  boil.  With  a  pastry  brush,  paint  the  hot  glaze  over  the  surface  of  the 
duck.  Allow  duck  to  dry  for  1  hour. 

4.  Preheat  the  oven  to  375F.  Roast  the  duck,  breast  side  down,  for  20 
minutes.  Turn  over  and  continue  to  roast  for  40  more  minutes. 

5.  Transfer  duck  to  a  chopping  board  and  allow  to  cool  slightly.  Using  a 
cleaver,  disjoint  and  cut  the  duck  through  the  bone  into  bite  size  pieces. 
Arrange  the  pieces  on  a  serving  platter,  garnish  with  cilantro  and  serve. 


More  FREE  Cookbooks! 
http://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Cantonese  Roast  Duck 


25 


Bean  Sprout  Salad 


2  tablespoon  Sesame  seeds 

1  pound  Fresh  bean  sprouts  thoroughly  washed  and  drained 

3  Garlic  cloves,  peeled  and  minced 

2  md  Scallions  —  trimmed  &  minced 
1-1"  cube  ginger,  peeled  and  minced 
2  tablespoon  Oriental  sesame  oil 

1/3  cup  Soy  sauce 

2  tablespoon  Cider  vinegar 

1  tablespoon  Mirin  (sweet  rice  wine) 

2  teaspoon  Light  brown  sugar 
1  teaspoon  Spicy  sesame  oil 

PREHEAT  OVEN  TO  300F.  Toast  the  sesame  seeds  by  spreading  them 
over  the  bottom  of  a  pie  tin.  Roast  for  12-to-16  minutes,  stirring  often, 
until  they  are  golden.  The  seeds  can  be  toasted  in  advance  and  stored 
in  an  airtight  container. 
Place  the  bean  sprouts  in  a  large  heatproof  bowl  and  set  it  aside. 
In  a  medium-size  skillet  set  over  moderately  low  heat,  stir-fry  the  garlic, 
scallions  and  ginger  in  the  oil  for  2  to  3  minutes,  until  they  are  limp.  Add 
all  the  remaining  ingredients,  increase  the  heat  to  moderate,  then  boil  the 
mixture,  uncovered,  for  1  minute  to  slightly  reduce  the  liquid.  Pour  the 
boiling  dressing  over  the  bean  sprouts,  toss  well,  then  cover  the  bowl  and 
chill  the  salad  for  several  hours.  Toss  again  before  serving. 


More  FREE  Cookbooks! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Bean  Sprout  Salad 


26 


Almond  Biscuits 


2  1/2  cups  all-purpose  flour 
2  tsp  baking  powder 
1/2  cup  margarine  or  butter 
1  cup  granulated  sugar 
1  egg 

1  tsp  almond  essence 
blanched  almonds  for  decoration 
beaten  egg  for  glazing 

1 .  Sift  the  flour,  baking  powder  and  salt  into  a  bowl.  Cream  the  margarine 
(or  butter)  and  sugar  together  until  light,  white  and  fluffy.  Beat  in  the  egg 
and  almond  essence.  Stir  in  the  sifted  dry  ingredients  to  make  a  stiff 
dough. 

2.  Form  the  mixture  into  balls  about  1  -  1 .5  inch  diameter  and  place  these 
on  a  greased  baking  tray.  Place  half  an  almond  (split  lengthways)  on 
each  ball  and  press  to  flatten  slightly.  Brush  with  beaten  egg. 

3.  Bake  in  a  moderate  oven  (350  deg  F  / 180  deg  C)  for  20  minutes  or 
until  golden.  Cool  on  a  wire  rack.  This  quantity  makes  about  45 
biscuits. 


More  FREE  Cookbooks! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Almond  Biscuits 


27 


