The  Professional  Pizza  Guide 

Welcome  To  E-Cookbooks! 

VJJE  Publishing  Co. 


Welcome  To  E-Cookbooks! 

Table  of  Contents 


Introduction:  1 

>  For  Optimal  Viewing:  2 

Thin  Crust  Dough  3 

NY  Style  Dough.  4 

Sicilian  Thick  Crust  5 

Whole  Wheat  Dough.  6 

Zucchini  Dough  7 

Focaccia.  8 

Garlic  Rolls  and  Knots  9 

Cooked  Pizza  Sauce  10 

Uncooked  Pizza  Sauce  11 

Oil  Sauces.  12 

Sunny  Side  Up  Pizza  13 

Cheese  Calzone.  14 

Chicago  Style  Pizza  15 

BBO  Chicken  Pizza.  16 

Thai  Pizza  17 

Phillv  Cheesesteak  Pizza.  18 

Margherita  Pizza.  19 

Roasted  Garlic  and  Peppers  Pizza.  20 

Tex-Mex  Pizza  21 

Muffuletta  Pizza.  22 

Grilled  Pizza  23 

Seafood  Pizza.  24 


Welcome  To  E-Cookbooks! 

Table  of  Contents 


Pesto  Pizza  25 

Pizza  "Pie".  26 

Frozen  Peanut  Butter  Pizza  Pie  27 


ii 


The  Professional  Pizza  Guide 

Free  Preview  Provided  By: 
www.e-cookbooks.net 

"The  Food  and  Cooking  Network" 

This  e-cookbook  may  be  distributed  freely: 
Pass  It  Along  To  A  Friend! 

(attach  it  in  your  next  email!) 

Thank  you  very  much  for  your  interest  in  our  recipes.  If  you 
have  any  questions  or  comments,  please  email: 
support(5)e-cookbooks.net 


FREE  Recipes  By  Email: 
Subscribe  to  the  VJJE  Recipe  Weekly 


Introduction: 


1 


>  For  Optimal  Viewing 


To  utilize  this  e-cookbook  efficiently,  we  suggest  the  following: 

•  Click  "View"  at  the  top  of  the  toolbar.  There  should  only  be  two  items 
checked. 

•  Click  "Actual  Size"  if  anything  in  the  top  section  is  checked  (if  the  setting  is 
right  there  will  be  nothing  checked). 

•  Make  sure  "Continuous"  is  checked. 

•  Make  Sure  "Bookmarks  and  Page"  is  checked. 


Discover  Our  Private  Library  Of  Electronic  Books: 


The  V J  J E- Book  Library 


http://www.e-cookbooks.net/library/ 


>  For  Optimal  Viewing: 


2 


Thin  Crust  Dough 


1  envelope  dry  yeast 

1/4  teaspoon  sugar 

3/4  cup  lukewarm  water  (105  F) 

Stir  yeast  and  sugar  into  water,  let  sit  for  8  minutes  or  so. 

In  a  bowl  (or  food  processor)  mix 

1  3/4  cups  unbleached  all-purpose  flour  or  bread  flour 
1/2  teaspoon  salt 

Add  the  yeast  mixture.  If  using  food  processor,  continue  running 
until  dough  forms  a  ball,  10-20  seconds.  By  hand,  mix  with  a 
sturdy  spoon  until  ready  to  knead. 

On  a  floured  surface  turn  out  dough.  Knead  dough  for  2  minutes  or  so. 
If  dough  is  a  little  sticky,  dust  your  fingers  and  counter  with  flour, 
(but  as  little  as  possible). 

Roll  out  by  hand  for  a  12"  pizza.  Place  in  lightly  oiled  pizza  pan 
using  your  fingertips  to  press  up  to  the  edge  and  forming  a  shallow 
lip.  Sauce,  cheese,  and  top  with  desired  ingredients. 

Bake  at  500F  in  pre-heated  oven  for  8-12  minutes,  the  edges  will 
turn  a  nice  golden  brown  when  done.  Dough  will  be  firm  and  crispy, 
not  soggy  and  soft  like  many  other  doughs. 

FREE  Cookbooks!!  Stop  Searching,  Start  Cooking! 
http://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Thin  Crust  Dough 


3 


NY  Style  Dough 


1  1/2  cups  warm  water  (105F) 
4  1/2  cups  flour 

1  Tbls.  olive  oil 

2  1/2  teas,  sugar 
2  1/2  teas,  salt 
1/2  teas,  yeast 

In  a  large  bowl,  mix  water  with  sugar  and  salt  until  dissolved.  Add  oil,  and 
then  flour.  Stir  with  heavy  spoon  for  1  minute.  Turn  out  to  a  floured  board  and 
press  into  a  circle  (it  will  be  quite  dry).  Sprinkle  yeast  evenly  over  dough  and 
knead  for  twelve  minutes. 

Divide  dough  into  portions: 

6  oz.  for  Calzones,  10  oz.  for  9  inch,  18  oz.  for  12  inch,  25  oz.  for  15  inch 
(This  recipe  makes  about  34  oz.  Adjust  ingredient  amounts  for  your  purposes) 

Shape  each  portion  by  sliding  your  palms  across  the  top  portion  of  dough  while 
curving  your  fingers  inward  toward  each  other  and  "tucking"  the  dough  into 
the  center.  You  want  a  dough  ball  without  visible  seams  except  the  bottom.  Set 
formed  dough  balls  on  plate,  cover  with  plastic,  and  allow  to  proof  for  1-2  hours 
at  room  temperature  to  use  the  same  day,  or  store  in  refrigerator  to  use  the  next 
day.  To  stretch  dough,  place  dough  ball  on  lightly  floured  surface,  and  lightly 
flour  the  top.  Use  fingertips  to  evenly  flatten  out  the  dough  ball.  Work  from  the 
edges  to  the  center.  Place  both  hands  within  the  shell  edge  and  stretch  with 
fingertips  and  palms  maintaining  an  even  pressure.  Or,  use  a  lightly  floured 
rolling  pin  to  stretch  to  desired  shape. 

Cooking  pizzas  with  this  dough  should  be  done  on  a  baking  stone.  Using  a  pan 
will  produce  a  very  soft  "doughy"  crust.  The  stone  in  the  oven  should  be 
preheated  to  500F  for  an  hour  prior  to  baking,  and  should  be  placed  in  the 
middle  of  the  oven.  After  stretching  the  dough,  liberally  sprinkle  cornmeal  or 
semolina  on  pizza  peel  (a  wooden  paddle  with  a  handle  to  slide  the  pizza  in 
the  oven)  or  a  cutting  board.  The  cornmeal  allows  the  pizza  to  slide  onto  the 
stone  easily.  After  topping  the  pizza,  when  you  are  ready  to  cook  it,  pick  up 
an  edge  of  the  dough  and  lightly  blow  air  underneath.  This  will  loosen  any 
sticky  areas  under  the  dough  and  redistribute  the  cornmeal.  Shake  the  peel 
or  cutting  board  to  make  sure  none  of  the  dough  is  sticking.  Carefully  slide 
the  pizza  into  the  oven. 

FREE  Cookbooks!!  Stop  Searching,  Start  Cooking! 
http://www.e-cookbooks.net 


NY  Style  Dough 


4 


Sicilian  Thick  Crust 


(makes  a  17  1/2"  X  1 1  1/2"  Pizza) 
4  cups  All-Purpose  flour 

1  tsp  salt 
4  tbsps  oil 

2  pkgs.  dry  yeast 

1  1/2  cups  of  warm  water  (105F) 

Mix  yeast,  1/2  cup  flour,  and  1/2  cup  water  in  a  bowl  covered  with 
plastic  wrap.  Let  rise  for  15  minutes. 

Stir  to  deflate.  Mix  2  cups  of  remaining  flour  with  salt,  1  cup  cool 
tap  water,  and  oil.  Add  yeast  mixture.  Mix  in  remaining  flour. 
Knead  15  minutes  on  a  floured  surface  (10  minutes  in  a  machine)  until 
smooth.  Place  dough  in  bowl  dusted  with  flour  and  cover  with  plastic 
wrap.  Let  rise  until  doubled  (1  to  2  hours).  Punch  dough  down  and 
put  in  ziploc  bag  in  the  refrigerator  until  ready  to  use. 

Preheat  oven  to  500F. 

Remove  dough  from  refrigerator  when  ready  to  shape  into  crust. 
Punch  down  dough  thoroughly  and  roll  out  dough  on  a  floured  surface. 
Lightly  oil  (olive)  a  17  1/2"  X  1 1  1/2"  X  3/4"  pan.  Place  dough  in  pan 
and  push  to  stretch  evenly  leaving  a  lip  up  against  sides  of  pan. 
Let  rest  for  10-15  minutes  (while  you  prepare  toppings).  Stretch  out 
dough  again  (it  will  have  receded)  and  place  desired  toppings. 
Cook  in  center  of  oven  until  crust  is  golden  brown. 

FREE  Cookbooks!!  Stop  Searching,  Start  Cooking! 
http://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Sicilian  Thick  Crust 


5 


Whole  Wheat  Dough 


1  Tbls.  sugar  or  honey 

1  1/4  cups  warm  water  (110  degrees) 

1  pack  (1/4  ounce)  dry  yeast 

1  1/4  cups  white  flour 

2  cups  whole  wheat  flour 
1  teaspoon  salt 

1/4  cup  olive  oil 

Dissolve  sugar  in  water  and  add  yeast.  Stir  gently  until  disssolved 
(about  1  minute).  Let  stand  until  the  yeast  foams  slightly 
(about  5  minutes)  to  insure  that  the  yeast  is  effective.  Combine 
3  cups  of  the  flour  and  salt  in  a  large  bowl.  Pour  in  the  yeast 
mixture  and  oil  if  you  are  using  it.  Begin  kneading  the  mixture, 
gradually  adding  enough  of  the  remaining  1/4  cup  flour  so  that  the 
dough  is  no  longer  sticky.  Continue  kneading  until  the  dough  is  smooth 
and  elastic  (another  10-15  minutes  by  hand).  Shape  dough  into  a  ball 
and  put  in  an  oiled  bowl,  turning  the  dough  to  coat  it  with  the  oil. 
Let  rise  until  doubled  in  bulk  (45  minutes  to  1-1/2  hours,  depending 
on  the  yeast  and  the  temperature).  Punch  down  the  dough  and  shape 
into  1  or  2  pieces.  The  entire  recipe  will  make  two  12  inch  pizzas. 
Shape  the  dough  either  by  hand  or  with  a  rolling  pin,  stretching  out 
as  necessary  to  achieve  a  thin  dough.  For  a  lighter  crust,  let  the 
dough  sit  for  a  half  hour  after  shaping  before  constructing  pizza 
and  baking. 

FREE  Cookbooks!!  Stop  Searching,  Start  Cooking! 
http://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Whole  Wheat  Dough 


6 


Zucchini  Dough 


3  1/2  cups  Zucchini;  coarsely  grated 
Salt 

1/3  cup  Flour 

3  Eggs;  lightly  beaten 

2/3  cup  Parmesan  cheese;  grated 

2  tbls.  Fresh  basil;  (2  to  3  leaves)  or  1  tsp.  dried  basil 

Salt  and  pepper  to  taste 

Place  zucchini  in  bowl  and  lightly  salt.  Let  sit  for  15  minutes  and 
squeeze  out  all  the  water  that  is  rendered.  Roll  in  a  towel  and  twist 
again.  This  is  to  remove  all  possible  water.  Mix  with  rest  of 
ingredients  in  a  bowl.  Spread  on  a  well-oiled  baking  pan  and  bake  in 
a  350F  oven  until  top  is  dry  and  lightly  browned  (20  minutes). 
Remove  from  oven,  add  desired  sauce,  cheese,  and  toppings. 
Return  to  oven  and  bake  at  350F  until  done,  about  another  20  minutes. 

FREE  Cookbooks!!  Stop  Searching,  Start  Cooking! 
http://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Zucchini  Dough 


7 


Focaccia 


2  packages  fast-rising  dry  yeast 
2  cups  tepid  water 

2  tablespoons  sugar 

4  tablespoons  olive  oil 
1/2  cup  salad  oil 

1  teaspoon  table  salt 

5  1/2  cups  unbleached  white  bread  flour 

3  cloves  garlic,  crushed 
1/4  cup  olive  oil  for  topping 
1  tablespoon  rosemary 

1  tablespoon  kosher  salt 

Dissolve  the  yeast  in  tepid  water.  Add  the  sugar,  olive  oil, 
salad  oil,  and  table  salt.  Mix  in  3  cups  of  flour  and  whip  until  the 
dough  begins  to  leave  the  sides  of  the  mixing  bowl,  about  10  minutes. 
Mix  in  the  remianing  flour  by  hand  or  with  a  dough  hook  and  knead 
the  dough  until  it  is  smooth.  Allow  the  dough  to  rise  twice  in  the  bowl, 
and  punch  down  after  each  rising. 

Oil  two  baking  sheet,  each  11x17  inches,  and  divide  the  dough 
between  the  two  pans.  Using  your  fingers,  press  the  dough  out  to  the 
edges  of  each  pan.  Cover  and  allow  to  rise  for  about  thirty  minutes,  and 
brush  with  a  mixture  of  the  crushed  garlic  and  oil  reserved  for  topping. 
Sprinkle  with  rosemary  and  kosher  salt. 
Bake  at  375  for  30  minutes. 

FREE  Cookbooks!!  Stop  Searching,  Start  Cooking! 
http://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Focaccia 


8 


Garlic  Rolls  and  Knots 


1  batch  of  NY  Style  Dough 

Garlic  Mixture: 
1/2  lb.  butter 

1  tablespoon  granulated  garlic 

2  tablespoons  Italian  Parsley,  finely  chopped 
Romano  Cheese 

For  Garlic  Rolls: 

Stretch  and  shape  dough  evenly  into  an  18"  circle. 
Distribute  1  tablespoon  oregano  over  dough  surface. 
Using  a  pizza  cutter,  cut  dough  into  16  equal  pieces  by 
cutting  it  as  if  you  were  cutting  a  pizza.  Starting  with 
the  outer  edge,  roll  each  dough  piece  towards  the  middle. 
Place  on  a  lightly  oiled  baking  sheet.  Cover  with  plastic 
and  allow  to  proof  for  1  hour.  Cook  in  a  preheated  500F 
oven  until  browned.  Remove  and  brush  with  garlic  mixture. 
Sprinkle  desired  amount  of  Romano  cheese  over  all. 

For  Garlic  Knots: 

Stretch  and  shape  dough  into  a  16"  square. 
Distribute  1  tablespoon  oregano  over  dough  surface. 
Using  a  pizza  cutter,  cut  dough  into  1/2"  X  4"  strips  (they 
can  actually  be  any  size  you  want).  Tie  in  a  knot. 
Place  on  a  lightly  oiled  baking  sheet.  Cover  with  plastic 
and  allow  to  proof  for  1  hour.  Cook  in  a  preheated  500F 
oven  until  browned.  Remove  and  brush  with  garlic  mixture. 
Sprinkle  desired  amount  of  Romano  cheese  over  all. 

FREE  Cookbooks!!  Stop  Searching,  Start  Cooking! 
http://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Garlic  Rolls  and  Knots 


9 


Cooked  Pizza  Sauce 


2  Tablespoons  Olive  Oil 
1/4  Cup  Chopped  Onions 

1  Tablespoon  minced  Garlic 

3  Italian  Plum  Tomatoes,  Finely  Chopped 
3  oz.  Tomato  Paste 

2  1/2  Tablespoons  Italian  Seasoning 
1/2  Teaspoon  Salt 

Black  Pepper 

1/2  Stick  Unsalted  Butter,  Cut  in  Pieces 

Heat  oil  in  a  large  skillet  over  high  heat.  Add  onions  and  saute 
1  minute.  Stir  in  garlic,  tomatoes,  tomato  paste,  Italian  seasoning; 
season  with  salt  and  pepper  to  taste.  Bring  to  a  boil  and  simmer, 
stirring  occasionally,  about  3  minutes.  Reduce  heat  to  medium  and 
add  butter  pieces,  stirring.  When  butter  is  half  melted,  remove 
skillet  from  heat  and  continue  stirring  until  thoroughly  incorporated. 
Yield:  1  1/3  cups 

FREE  Cookbooks!!  Stop  Searching,  Start  Cooking! 
http://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Cooked  Pizza  Sauce 


10 


Uncooked  Pizza  Sauce 


28  oz.  of  crushed  tomatoes 

3  oz.  of  tomato  paste 

4  tbsps.  Pecorino  Romano 

1  tsp  Oregano 

2  tbsps.  minced  fresh  garlic 

1  tbsp.  black  pepper 

3  tsps  sugar 

2  teaspoons  of  basil 

Whisk  all  together.  Allow  flavors  to  blend  for  one  hour 
before  using. 

FREE  Cookbooks!!  Stop  Searching,  Start  Cooking! 
http://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Uncooked  Pizza  Sauce 


11 


Oil  Sauces 


Garlic  Oil  Sauce: 

1/4  cup  extra  virgin  olive  oil 
4  cloves  garlic 

California  Oil  Sauce: 

1/4  cup  extra  virgin  olive  oil 

2  cloves  garlic 

1/4  tsp.  dried  oregano 

1/4  tsp.  dried  basil 

1/2  tsp.  parsely  flakes 

1/4  tsp.  majoram 

1/4  tsp.  red  pepper  flakes 

1/4  tsp.  ground  black  peppercorn 

Southwestern  Oil  Sauce: 
1/4  cup  salad  oil 
2  cloves  garlic 
1/4  tsp.  dried  oregano 
1/2  tsp.  ground  cumin  seed 
1/4  tsp.  ground  black  peppercorn 

To  Prepare  Oil  Sauces: 

Puree  ingredients  in  a  blender  and  store  in  a  small  covered  jar. 
These  recipes  makes  enough  sauce  for  2  12"  pizzas. 
By  using  these  examples,  it's  not  hard  to  come  up  with  your  own 
variation  based  on  your  taste.  Brush  oil  sauces  on  dough,  place 
desired  cheese,  and  then  top.  Cook  just  like  sauced  pizzas,  however 
they  may  take  just  a  little  less  time  until  done. 

FREE  Cookbooks!!  Stop  Searching,  Start  Cooking! 
http://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Oil  Sauces 


12 


Sunny  Side  Up  Pizza 


6  Slices  Bacon,  cooked 

Pizza  Dough  for  12"  Pizza  (try  Thin  Crust  recipe) 
2  plum  tomatoes,  sliced  1/4"  thick 

1  1/2  cups  grated  Cheddar  cheese 
1/2  teas,  ground  black  pepper 

2  eggs 

Preheat  oven  to  500F. 

Prepare  dough  according  to  recipe  found  in  this  book.  Divide  in  two 
and  roll  out  into  two  circles  about  6  inches  in  diameter.  Place  on 
lightly  greased  baking  sheet.  Arrange  tomato  slices  on  dough.  Sprinkle 
cheese  on  tomatoes  leaving  a  2-3  inch  well  in  the  center  (to  hold 
the  egg).  Place  bacon  on  top  of  cheese  around  the  outside. 
Bake  the  pizzas  for  3  minutes.  Remove  from  oven  and  crack  an  egg 
into  the  center  of  each.  Sprinkle  with  pepper  and  return  to  oven. 
Bake  until  the  egg  is  set  and  the  crust  is  browned,  about  10  minutes  more. 

FREE  Cookbooks!!  Stop  Searching,  Start  Cooking! 
http://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Sunny  Side  Up  Pizza 


13 


Cheese  Calzone 


1  lb.  ricotta  cheese 
1  cup  shredded  mozzarella 
pinch  of  black  pepper 
NY  Style  Pizza  Dough 

Preheat  oven  to  500F. 

Take  a  6  oz.  dough  ball  and  place  on  floured  surface.  Spread, 
with  finger  tips,  to  a  6  inch  circle.  Place  2/3  cup  cheese 
mix  on  one  side  and  fold  over  other  side.  Seal  with  finger 
tips  making  sure  no  cheese  mixture  is  in  the  seal.  Pinch 
the  edge  to  assure  a  tight  seal.  Pat  calzone  to  even  filling 
inside.  Check  seal  again  for  leaks.  Repeat  with  the  others. 

Place  calzones  on  a  lightly  greased  baking  sheet.  Cut  a 
1  inch  slit  in  the  top  of  each  for  venting  while  baking. 
Place  in  center  of  oven  and  bake  for  10-12  minutes  or  until 
golden  brown.  Serve  with  your  favorite  tomato  sauce,  warmed, 
either  on  top  or  on  the  side  for  dipping. 

FREE  Cookbooks!!  Stop  Searching,  Start  Cooking! 
http://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Cheese  Calzone 


14 


Chicago  Style  Pizza 


DOUGH: 

1  Package  active  dry  yeast 

2  teas.  Sugar 

1  1/4  cups  Warm  water 

2  3/4  cups  All-purpose  flour 
1/2  cup  yellow  cornmeal 

3  tbls.  Olive  oil 
1  teas.  Salt 

TOPPING: 
1  cup  Pizza  sauce 
12  oz.  Shredded  mozzarella  cheese 
1/2  lb.  Ground  beef,  crumbled,  cooked 
1/4  lb.  Italian  Sausage,  crumbled,  cooked 
1/4  lb.  Pork  Sausage,  crumbled,  cooked 
1/2  cup  Pepperoni,  diced 
1/2  cup  Canadian  bacon,  diced 
1/2  cup  Ham,  diced 
1/4  lb.  Mushrooms,  sliced 
1  small  Onion,  sliced 

1  Green  bell  pepper,  seeded,  sliced 

2  oz.  Grated  Parmesan  cheese 

1 .  For  dough,  sprinkle  yeast  and  sugar  into  warm  water  in  small  bowl;  let 
stand  until  foamy,  about  5  minutes. 

2.  Mix  flour,  cornmeal,  oil  and  salt  in  a  large  bowl;  make  a  well  in  the  center 
and  add  yeast  mixture.  Stir  to  form  a  soft  dough,  adding  more  flour  if 
necessary.  Turn  onto  a  floured  board  and  knead  until  dough  is  supple 

and  elastic,  7  to  10  minutes.  Transfer  to  a  large  bowl,  cover  and  let  rise 
in  a  warm  spot  until  dough  has  doubled,  about  1  hour.  Punch  down. 

3.  Roll  dough  to  a  13-inch  circle.  Transfer  to  an  oiled  12-inch  pizza  pan, 
folding  the  excess  over  to  make  a  small  rim.  Spread  with  pizza  sauce; 
sprinkle  with  all  but  a  handful  of  the  mozzarella  cheese.  Sprinkle  with 
meats  and  vegetables.  Top  with  remaining  mozzarella  and  Parmesan 
cheese.  Let  rise  in  a  warm  spot  about  25  minutes. 

4.  Heat  oven  to  475  degrees.  Bake  pizza  until  crust  is  golden,  about  25 
minutes.  Let  stand  5  minutes  before  slicing. 

FREE  Cookbooks!!  Stop  Searching,  Start  Cooking! 
http://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Chicago  Style  Pizza 


15 


BBQ  Chicken  Pizza 


BBQ  Chicken  Pieces 

10  oz.  boneless/skinless  chicken  breasts,  cut  into  3/4  inch  cubes 

1  Tbs.  olive  oil 

2  Tbs.  favorite  BBQ  sauce 

For  the  Pizza: 

1  recipe  Thin  Crust  Dough 
Cornmeal,  semolina,  or  flour  for  handling 

1/2  cup  favorite  BBQ  sauce  (a  spicy-sweet  sauce  works  best) 

2  Tbs.  shredded  smoked  Gouda  cheese 
2  cups  shredded  mozzarella  cheese 

1/4  small  red  onion,  sliced  into  1/8-inch  pieces 
2  Tbs.  chopped  fresh  chopped  fresh  cilantro 

To  make  BBQ  Chicken: 

In  a  large  frying  pan,  cook  the  chicken  in  olive  oil  over 
medium-high  heat  until  just  cooked,  5  to  6  minutes.  Do  not  overcook. 
Set  aside  in  the  refrigerator  until  chilled  through.  Once  chilled,  coat 
the  chicken  with  2  Tbs.  BBQ  sauce;  set  aside  in  the  refrigerator. 

To  make  the  pizza: 

Place  the  pizza  stone  in  the  center  of  the  oven  and  preheat  to  500 
degrees  F.  for  one  hour  before  cooking  pizzas. 

Use  a  large  spoon  to  spread  1/4  cup  BBQ  sauce  evenly  over  the  surface  of 
the  prepared  dough  within  the  rim.  Sprinkle  1  Tbs.  smoked  Gouda  cheese 
over  the  sauce.  Cover  with  3/4  cup  shredded  mozzarella. 
Distribute  half  the  chicken  pieces  evenly  over  the  cheese  (approximately 
1 8  pieces).  Place  approximately  1 8  to  20  pieces  of  red  onion  over  the 
surface.  Sprinkle  an  additional  1/4  cup  mozzarella  over  the  top  of  the  pizza. 
Transfer  the  pizza  to  the  oven;  bake  until  the  crust  is  crisp  and  golden 
and  the  cheese  at  the  center  is  bubbly,  8  to  10  minutes.  When  the  pizza 
is  cooked,  carefully  remove  it  from  the  oven;  sprinkle  1  Tbs.  cilantro 
over  the  hot  surface.  Slice  and  serve. 


FREE  Cookbooks!!  Stop  Searching,  Start  Cooking! 
http://www.e-cookbooks.net 


BBQ  Chicken  Pizza 


16 


Thai  Pizza 


1  Pizza  Dough  Shell  (uncooked) 
Sauce: 

2/3  cup  smooth  peanut  butter 
3  tablespoons  Hoisin  Sauce 

2  tablespoons  rice  vinegar 
1  tablespoon  sesame  oil 

6  oz.  Monterrey  Jack  cheese 
1  cup  bean  sprouts 

1/2  lb.  small  shrimp,  cooked,  shelled,  and  deveined 
1/4  cup  finely  chopped  green  onions 
crushed  dried  hot  chilis,  to  taste 

Preheat  oven  to  450F. 

Mix  sauce  ingredients  together.  Spread  sauce  evenly  over  crust. 
Top  with  shrimp  and  onions,  then  cheese.  Bake  until  cheese  begins 
to  brown,  12  to  15  minutes. 

Remove  from  oven,  top  with  bean  sprouts  and  pepper  flakes,  slice  and 
serve. 

FREE  Cookbooks!!  Stop  Searching,  Start  Cooking! 
http://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Thai  Pizza 


17 


Philly  Cheesesteak  Pizza 


1  Medium  Onion,  sliced 

1  Medium  Green  pepper,  sliced 

8  oz.  Mushrooms,  sliced 

8  oz.  Roast  beef,  shaved 

3  tbls.  Worchestershire  sauce 

1/4  teas.  Black  pepper 

1  Batch  Sicilian  Thick  Crust  Dough 

3  tbls.  Olive  oil 

1  teas.  Crushed  garlic 

4  cups  provolone  cheese 

1/4  cups  Parmesan  cheese,  grated 

Saute  vegetables  in  1  tb.  olive  oil  until  limp;  add  roast  beef. 
Cook  for  three  more  minutes.  Add  Worchestershire  sauce  and  pepper; 
stir  and  remove  from  heat.  Set  aside.  Brush  prepared  dough  with 
3  tb.  olive  oil  and  spread  crushed  garlic  over  entire  surface  of  dough. 
Top  with  a  light  layer  of  shredded  cheese,  then  meat/vegetable  mixture, 
distributing  evenly.  Top  with  remaining  shredded  cheese,  then  Parmesan. 
Bake  in  prehated  500F  oven  until  cheese  is  melted  and  bubbly. 
Let  sit  5  minutes  before  cutting  and  serving. 

FREE  Cookbooks!!  Stop  Searching,  Start  Cooking! 
http://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Philly  Cheesesteak  Pizza 


18 


Margherita  Pizza 


2  tablespoons  extra  virgin  olive  oil 

1/2  lb.  plum  (Roma)  tomatoes,  chopped  in  1/2"  pieces 

1  clove  garlic,  crushed  and  finely  chopped 

1/2  tsp.  salt 

1  12"  uncooked  NY  Style  dough  crust 
6  oz.  mozzarella  cheese,  shredded 
6  fresh  basil  leaves  cut  into  julienne  strips 
extra  virgin  olive  oil 

1/4  cup  fresh  shredded  parmesan  cheese 

Combine  2  Tbls.  olive  oil,  tomatoes,  garlic,  and  salt  in  bowl. 
Allow  to  marinate  while  making  dough. 

Brush  dough  crust  lightly  with  olive  oil.  Top  with  cheese,  then 
tomatoes.  Drizzle  with  olive  oil.  Bake  in  preheated  500F  oven  on 
pizza  stone  for  8-10  minutes  or  until  crust  is  golden  brown  and  cheese 
is  bubbly.  Remove  from  oven  and  top  with  parmesan  cheese,  then  basil. 
Cool  on  a  wire  rack  for  2-3  minutes  before  cutting  into  wedges  and 
serving. 

FREE  Cookbooks!!  Stop  Searching,  Start  Cooking! 
http://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Margherita  Pizza 


19 


Roasted  Garlic  and  Peppers  Pizza 


1  large  head  garlic,  unpeeled 

2  tablespoons  olive  oil 

1  large  red  onion,  cut  into  1/2— inch— thick  rings 

1/3  cup  oil-packed  sun-dried  tomatoes,  drained,  oil  reserved 
1-12  inch  pizza  dough  shell  (uncooked) 

2  cups  grated  mozzarella  cheese  (about  6  ounces) 

1/2  cup  roasted  red  bell  peppers  from  jar,  cut  into  1/2  inch  strips 

2/3  cup  (about  2  1/2  ounces)  crumbled  feta  cheese 

4  tablespoons  chopped  fresh  basil  or  1  tablespoon  dried 

2  tablespoons  chopped  fresh  parsley 

Preheat  oven  to  375  deg.  F.  Slice  top  off  garlic  head;  place  in  small 
baking  dish.  Drizzle  with  1  tablespoon  olive  oil.  Brush  baking  sheet  with 
1/2  tablespoon  olive  oil.  Place  onion  slices  on  sheet  and  brush  onion 
with  1/2  tablespoon  olive  oil.  Bake  garlic  and  onion  until  garlic  cloves 
are  light  brown  and  soft  and  onion  is  tender,  about  45  minutes. 
Remove  from  oven;  let  cool. 

Using  fingers,  squeeze  out  roasted  garlic  cloves  into  food  processor; 
add  sun-dried  tomatoes.  Using  on/off  turns,  process  until  almost 
smooth,  adding  enough  reserved  oil  form  sun-dried  tomatoes  to  form 
paste.  (Onions  and  garlic  mixture  can  be  prepared  1  day  ahead.  Cover 
separately  and  refrigerate.) 

Prepare  pizza  dough  of  choice  and  have  it  ready  to  be  topped. 
Spread  garlic  paste  evenly  over  crust.  Top  with  mozzarella  cheese, 
onion,  pepper  strips  and  feta  cheese.  Sprinkle  with  2  tablespoons  basil 
and  1  tablespoon  parsley. 

Bake  pizza  until  crust  is  golden  brown  and  cheese  bubbles.  Transfer  to 
cutting  board.  Cool  5  minutes.  Sprinkle  with  remaining  2  tablespoons 
basil  and  1  tablespoon  parsley.  Cut  into  wedges  and  serve. 

FREE  Cookbooks!!  Stop  Searching,  Start  Cooking! 
http://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Roasted  Garlic  and  Peppers  Pizza 


20 


Tex-Mex  Pizza 


1  12  inch  Thin  Crust  Dough  shell  (uncooked) 

2  large  Tomatoes,  diced 

1  tbls.  Chopped  jalapeno  pepper 
4  Green  onions,  chopped 

2  Cloves  garlic,  minced 

2  cups  Cheddar  cheese,  shredded 
2  tbls.  Grated  parmesan  cheese 

1  Avocado,  chopped 
1/2  cup  Sour  cream 

2  tbls.  Chopped  Cilantro 

Spoon  tomatoes  over  pizza  dough,  leaving  a  1/2"  border.  Top  with 
jalapenos,  garlic  and  onion.  Sprinkle  with  cheeses  and  season  with 
salt  and  pepper  to  taste.  Bake  in  500  degree  oven  for  1 0  to  1 4  min. 
until  bottom  of  crust  is  golden  brown.  Top  with  avocado,  a  dollop 
of  sour  cream  and  cilantro.  Pass  extra  sour  cream. 


FREE  Cookbooks!!  Stop  Searching,  Start  Cooking! 
http://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Tex-Mex  Pizza 


21 


Muffuletta  Pizza 


1/2  cup  finely  chopped  celery 

1/3  cup  chopped  pimento-stuffed  green  olives 

1/4  cup  chopped  pepperoncini 

1/4  cup  chopped  cocktail  onions 

1  clove  garlic,  minced 

3  Tbsp.  extra  virgin  olive  oil 

2  tsp.  dry  Italian  salad  dressing  mix 

3  oz.  thin-sliced  deli  ham/salami,  diced 
8  oz.  shredded  provolone  cheese 

2  12"  uncooked  dough  crusts 
extra  virgin  olive  oil 

Mix  first  7  ingredients  for  marinated  olive  salad  and  chill  overnight. 
Combine  olive  salad,  ham,  and  cheese.  Top  one  dough  crust  with  1/2  of 
mixture.  Drizzle  with  oil.  Bake  in  preheated  500°  F  oven  for 
8-10  minutes  or  until  crust  is  golden  brown  and  cheese  is  melted. 
Remove  from  oven  and  cool  on  a  wire  rack  for  2-3  minutes  before 
cutting  into  wedges  and  serving.  Repeat  with  other  dough  crust. 

FREE  Cookbooks!!  Stop  Searching,  Start  Cooking! 
http://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Muffuletta  Pizza 


22 


Grilled  Pizza 


1  teas.  Salt 

1  1/2  cup  Warm  water  divided  (11  OF) 

3  1/2  cups  Unbleached  white  flour 
1/4  cup  Corn  meal 

1/4  cup  Whole  wheat  flour 

4  tbls.  Olive  oil  divided 

2  teas.  Light  brown  sugar 
2  pks.  dry  yeast 

Sauce,  Cheese,  and  Toppings  of  your  choice 
(keep  in  mind  the  cooking  time  of  these  will  be  shorter  than  in  an  oven. 
Use  toppings  that  take  little  time  at  all  (if  any)  to  actually  cook  and  do  not 
overload.  Try  using  a  soft  or  crumbled  cheese  and  a  cooked,  warm  sauce.) 

DOUGH:  Measure  1/2  c  warm  water  in  a  bowl.  Add  sugar  and  yeast  and 
stir  to  dissolve.  Let  stand  at  least  5  minutes  to  proof  (froth  forms  on  top). 
Meanwhile,  sift  together  into  a  large  bowl  the  white  flour,  wheat  flour, 
corn  meal  and  salt.  Make  a  depression  in  the  middle  and  add  3  Ts  of  the 
olive  oil  and  1  c  warm  water.  Add  yeast  mixture.  Mix  all  ingredients  with 
your  hands  and  gather  together  and  place  on  floured  board.  Knead  about 

10  minutes,  adding  more  flour  if  dough  is  sticky,  to  form  a  smooth,  elastic 
mass.  Grease  a  large  bowl  with  olive  oil.  Add  dough,  turning  it  to  coat  top. 
Cover  and  let  rise  in  warm  place,  draft-free  location  until  doubled  in  size  - 
about  45  minutes. 

While  dough  is  rising  prepare  desired  sauces  and  toppings.  Divide  dough 
into  6  equal  pieces  and,  on  floured  surface,  roll  out  to  desired  shape  about 
1/2  inch  thick.  Coat  both  sides  of  shaped  crust  with  olive  oil,  then  place  on  grill 
directly  over  fire  until  upper  surface  begins  to  bubble  (about  2  minutes).  Fire 
must  be  very  hot  and  grill  must  be  clean  (coals  should  be  red  with  a  small  flame, 
like  a  steak  fire;  this  is  important).  Watch  crust  closely  and  rotate  with  spatula 
if  necessary.  Remove  crust  and  turn  cooked  side  up  (it  should  be  golden  brown). 
Brush  with  olive  oil,  sauce,  cheese  and  desired  toppings.  Sprinkle  some  olive 

011  over  each  pizza.  Return  for  final  cooking  (2-4  minutes). 


FREE  Cookbooks!!  Stop  Searching,  Start  Cooking! 
http://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Grilled  Pizza 


23 


Seafood  Pizza 


1  12  inch  Pizza  Dough  shell  (uncooked) 

3/4  cup  Crab  meat 

3/4  cup  Tiny  shrimp 

1/2  cup  Crushed  pineapple 

5  Mushrooms,  sliced 

4  1/4  oz.  Canned  sliced  black  olives 

1/4  cup  diced  green  pepper 

1  cup  Mozzarella  cheese,  grated 

1  cup  White  Cheddar  cheese  grated 

Spread  pizza  dough  on  to  a  pizza  pan.  Top  with  crab, 
shrimp,  pineapple,  mushrooms,  olives,  green  pepper, 
mozzarella  and  Cheddar  cheese.  Bake  at  450  degrees  F. 
until  cheese  is  bubbly. 

FREE  Cookbooks!!  Stop  Searching,  Start  Cooking! 
http://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Seafood  Pizza 


24 


Pesto  Pizza 


1  1/2  cups  (packed)  stemmed  spinach  leaves 

1/2  cup  (packed)  fresh  basil  leaves  (about  1  bunch) 

1  1/2  tablespoons  oil  from  oil-packed  sun-dried  tomatoes  or  olive  oil 

1  large  garlic  clove 

Olive  Oil 

1  12  inch  NY  Style  dough  shell 

1/3  cup  sliced  drained  oil-packed  sun-dried  tomatoes 

2  cups  grated  mozzarella  cheese  (about  8  ounces) 
1  cup  grated  Parmesan  cheese 

Blend  first  4  ingredients  in  processor  to  coarse  puree.  Transfer  pesto  to 
small  bowl.  (Can  be  prepared  1  day  ahead.  Press  plastic  directly  onto 
surface  of  pesto  to  cover;  refrigerate.)  Preheat  oven  to  500F.  Grease 
12  inch  pizza  pan  with  olive  oil.  Arrange  dough  in  pan  and  spread  all 
of  pesto  over  dough.  Sprinkle  with  sun-dried  tomatoes,  then  cheeses. 
Bake  pizza  until  crust  browns  and  cheese  melts. 

FREE  Cookbooks!!  Stop  Searching,  Start  Cooking! 
http://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Pesto  Pizza 


25 


Pizza  "Pie" 


1  Batch  Thin  Crust  Dough 

1  21  oz.  can  pie  topping  (cherry,  apple,  blueberry,  etc.) 
1/4  cup  sugar 

1/2  cup  flour 

2  tbls.  butter 

Preheat  oven  to  450F. 

Prepare  thin  crust  dough  according  to  recipe.  Spread  out  in  a 
lightly  greased  12  inch  pizza  pan.  Spoon  pie  topping  on  dough 
leaving  a  3/4"  space  from  edge  of  pan.  Combine  flour  and  sugar 
in  a  bowl.  With  a  fork,  cut  in  butter  making  sure  you  do  not 
mix  too  much.  It  should  be  crumbly.  Sprinkle  topping  over  pie 
filling.  Bake  until  topping  and  crust  are  golden  brown.  Remove 
from  oven  and  let  cool  5-10  minutes  before  cutting. 

FREE  Cookbooks!!  Stop  Searching,  Start  Cooking! 
http://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Pizza  "Pie" 


26 


Frozen  Peanut  Butter  Pizza  Pie 


2  Thin  Dough  12  inch  dough  shells 

2  Tbls.  butter,  softened 

1  8  oz.  package  cream  cheese,  softened 

1  cup  creamy  peanut  butter,  softened 

1  1/2  cups  powdered  sugar 

1  cup  milk 

1  12-oz.  package  Cool  Whip 
chocolate  syrup 

Preheat  oven  to  400  °F. 

Brush  tops  and  rims  of  pizza  shells  with  butter,  place  in  center 
oven  rack  and  bake  8  minutes.  Remove  and  cool  on  wire  racks. 
In  a  large  electric  mixer  bowl,  beat  cream  cheese  and  peanut  butter, 
then  add  the  powdered  sugar  in  three  portions,  alternating  with  the 
milk.  Fold  in  thawed  Cool  Whip,  then  spread  mixture  over  the  cooled 
pizza  crusts.  Freeze  until  firm. 

Serve  pizzas  cold,  but  not  frozen.  Just  before  serving,  drizzle  with 
chocolate  syrup. 

FREE  Cookbooks!!  Stop  Searching,  Start  Cooking! 
http://www.e-cookbooks.net 


Frozen  Peanut  Butter  Pizza  Pie 


27 


