KFC  Coleslaw 


8  1/8  cups  cabbage 
1/3  cup  carrot 

1  teaspoon  onion  chopped  fine 
1/3  cup  sugar 

1/2  teaspoon  salt 
1/8  teaspoon  pepper 
1/8  cup  milk 
3/4  cup  buttermilk 

2  tablespoons  lemon  juice 
1/2  cup  mayonnaise 

First  core  the  cabbage  and  shred  the  cabbage  fine  using  the  fine  disk  for  the  shredder  attachment  to  the 
mixer.  Then  shred  the  cabbage.  In  a  bowl  combine  with  a  whisk  combine  the  buttermilk,  mayonnaise, 
milk  and  lemon  juice  mix  till  well  combined.  Then  add  the  seasoning.  The  last  step  is  to  add  the  sugar 
add  the  sugar  to  the  sauce  until  well  mixed  in.  Add  the  sauce  to  the  cabbage  and  carrot  mixture  and  mix 
well  and  allow  the  mixture  to  marinate  for  13  hrs. 

Do  to  the  waste  of  chicken  in  the  restaurants  the  Colonel  created  a  recipe  to  help  use  thechicken  that  was 
unable  to  be  sold.  So  he  devised  the  potpie  recipe.  See  chicken  could  only  sit  and  be  sold  for  2  hrs  after 
it  is  fried. 

KFC  POT  PIE 


2  potatoes  peeled  and  cooked 

2/3  cup  frozen  peas 

2  cans  cream  of  chicken  soup 

2  carrots  peeled  and  cooked 

2  tablespoons  frozen  onion 

2  cups  of  cooked  chicken 

dash  of  salt  and  pepper  and  Msg 

In  a  bowl  combine  all  cooked  vegetables  and  chicken  add  the  cream  of  chicken  soup  and  seasoning.  The 
mixture  should  be  thick  but  not  to  thick  if  the  mixture  is  to  thick  add  some  milk  to  the  mixture.  Scoop 
the  mixture  into  individual  pie  pans.  Use  the  biscuit  recipe  in  this  book  to  make  the  crust.  Roll  out  the 
dough  thin  and  place  on  top  then  brush  with  butter.  Bake  in  a  375  F  oven  for  15  to  25  minutes  or  until  it 
is  heated  threw  and  the  crust  is  golden  brown. 

Colonel  Sanders  loved  rice  and  beans  and  decided  to  create  a  recipe  that  could  be  used  together  to  create 
a  great  tasting  item.  You  can  mix  it  or  have  the  beans  on  the  bottom  and  rice  on  top  and  mix  as  u  eat. 


Page  1 


KFC  Beans  and  Rice 

30  ounce  can  of  Red  beans 

1  teaspoon  white  pepper 

4  tablespoons  butter 

1/4  teaspoon  paprika 

dash  of  cayenne 

dash  of  garlic  powder 

1  1/2  cups  converted  rice  cooked 

Pour  beans  with  there  liquid  into  a  saucepan  and  cook  over  medium  heat.  Add  the  seasonings  and  butter. 
When  the  mixture  begins  to  boil  use  a  fork  to  mash  1/2  the  beans.  Cook  for  10  to  20  minutes  to  until  it 
looks  like  bean  paste  with  big  beans  in  it.  Mix  in  rice. 

A  favorite  of  the  Colonel  was  Corn  on  the  cob  and  he  deiced  if  he  was  going  to  sale  it  it  had  to  be 
delicious  and  sweet . 

KFC  Corn 

Frozen  corn 

1/2  teaspoon  salt 
1/2  teaspoon  sugar 
1/4  teaspoon  pepper 
1/4  teaspoon  Msg 

melted  butter 

Cook  the  corn  in  hot  salted  water  with  a  dash  of  milk  till  nice  and  tender.  When  it  is  done  dip  the  corn  in 
butter  and  sprinkle  with  the  seasoning. 

The  Macaroni  Salad  that  Colonel  Sanders  used  to  use  is  listed  below.  The  recipe  is  just  the  basic  recipe. 
However  it  has  been  altered  many  times. 

KFC  Macaroni  Salad 

1  lb  Elbows  Macaroni 

1/4  cup  Carrots,  chopped  fine 

1  tbsp  Minced  Onion 

1/4  cup  Celery,  chopped  fine 

2  cups  Food  Service  Cole  slaw  Dressing 
dash  White  Pepper 

1  teaspoon  pickle  relish 


Page  2 


Cook  macaroni  noodles  in  a  big  pot  of  water  for  12  to  15  minutes.  Drain  and  place  in  a  bowl  with  ice 
water  and  cool  for  10  minutes.  In  a  large  bowl  combine  all  of  above.  Refrigerate  for  2  hrs. 

A  favorite  among  kids  and  kids  at  heart  is  the  Colonel's  Macaroni  and  cheese  which  was  originally  made 
fresh  daily.  Now  it  comes  premade  and  is  cooked  in  an  oven  like  it  originally  was  when  it  was  made 
fresh. 

KFC  Macaroni  and  Cheese 

2cups  elbow  macaroni 

3/4  cup  Velveeta  cheese 

2/3  cup  mild  yellow  cheddar  cheese 

1/3  cup  whole  milk 

1/4  teaspoon  salt 

In  a  pot  bring  water  to  a  boil  with  salt  to  taste,  once  the  water  comes  to  a  boil  add  the  macaroni  and  cook 
for  12  to  15  minutes.  When  the  noodles  are  cooked  drain  but  do  not  rinse.  To  make  the  cheese  sauce  in  a 
pan  over  low  heat  combine  the  Velveeta  cheese,shredded  cheddar  and  the  milk.  Cook  the  cheeses  till 
they  are  melted  and  then  add  the  salt.  Add  the  noodles  and  mix  threw.  Place  in  a  casserole  dish  and  bake 
for  10  to  15  minutes.  You  may  want  to  broil  the  top  to  make  a  brown  top. 

Another  favorite  side  dish  is  the  Potato  Salad  which  used  to  be  produced  fresh  daily,  however  now  due 
to  the  fact  that  it  can  be  produced  and  prepackaged  and  stored  frozen  till  shipped  and  then  refrigerated 
AmeraServe  which  is  the  company  that  Tricon  uses  sells  the  potato  salad  that  way. 

KFC  Potato  Salad 

2  pounds  russet  potatoes 

1  cup  mayonnaise 

4  teaspoons  sweet  pickle  relish 
4  teaspoons  sugar 

2  teaspoons  minced  white  onion 
2  teaspoons  prepared  mustard 

1  teaspoon  vinegar 
1  teaspoon  minced  celery 
1  teaspoon  diced  pimentos 
1/2  teaspoon  shredded  carrot 
1/4  teaspoon  dried  parsley 
1/4  teaspoon  pepper 
dash  salt 

Lightly  peel  the  potatoes  and  cut  into  bite  sized  pieces.  Place  in  a  pot  of  salted  water  and  boil  the 
potatoes  for  5  to  10  minutes  till  fork  tender,  depending  upon  the  size  you  cut  them.  While  the  potatoes 
are  cooking  in  a  bowl  make  the  dressing  by  mixing  the  mayonnaise,  pickle  relish,  sugar,  white  onion, 

Page  3 


mustard,  vinegar,  celery,  pimento,  carrot,  parsley,  pepper,  and  salt.  When  the  potatoes  are  done  and  have 
cooled  add  the  sauce  and  refrigerate  for  2  hours.  The  best  is  if  you  allow  this  to  sit  overnight. 

The  Colonel's  Baked  Beans  used  to  be  baked  and  made  fresh  daily.  Now  there  made  with  a  can  of  Navy 
Beans  made  by  Hanover  and  a  bag  of  sauce  and  precooked  frozen  bacon.  When  it  is  needed  it  is  just 
microwave  and  there  you  go. 

KFC  Baked  Beans 

30  ounce  can  Navy  Beans,  drained 

2  tablespoons  water 

1/2  cup  ketchup 

1/2  cup  dark  brown  sugar 

2  tablespoons  cider  vinegar 

4  teaspoons  minced  fresh  onion 

4  pieces  bacon,  cooked  and  then  crumbled 
1/2  teaspoon  dry  mustard 

1/4  teaspoon  salt 

dash  pepper 

dash  garlic  powder 

Drain  the  navy  beans  and  place  in  a  microwave  safe  dish.  Add  the  precooked  bacon.  In  a  bowl  combine 
all  the  other  ingredients  to  make  a  sauce.  Pour  the  sauce  over  the  beans  and  mix  well.  Allow  them  to  sit 
overnight  in  the  refrigerator.  When  you  are  ready  to  serve  them  microwave  them  for  5  minutes  then  stir 
and  microwave  again  for  7  minutes  or  till  heated  through. 

A  favorite  has  to  be  the  buttermilk  biscuits  they  are  so  light  and  fluffy  they  just  melt  in  your  mouth.  They 
were  made  fresh  daily  in  every  store.  Now  due  tot  he  popular  demand  of  these  biscuits,  they  come 
frozen. 

KFC  Buttermilk  Biscuits 

1/2  cup  butter 
1/4  cup  club  soda 
1  beaten  egg 
3/4  cup  butter  milk 
1  teaspoon  salt 

5  cups  Bisquick  Biscuit  Mix 

Preheat  the  oven  to  450°F.  Combine  all  of  the  ingredients,  knead  the  dough  by  hand  until  the  dough 
holds  together  do  not  over  knead.  Flour  your  hands  Pat  the  dough  flat  to  3/4-inch  thickness  out  biscuits 
with  a  biscuit  cutter.  Bake  on  a  greased  baking  sheet  for  13  minutes,  or  until  golden  brown,  when  they 
come  out  of  the  oven  brush  with  melted  butter.  Makes  18  Biscuits 


Page  4 


The  Colonel  was  in  the  kitchen  one  day  and  had  an  idea  what  to  do  with  the  potatoes  that  he  had  and  he 
came  up  with  the  Potato  Wedges.  The  used  to  be  made  fresh  but  due  to  the  invention  of  the  frozen  fry 
they  are  sent  to  the  stores  frozen  and  ready  to  cook. 

KFC  Potato  Wedges 

shortening  for  Frying 

5  Baking  potatoes  cut  into  Wedges 

1  cup  Milk 

1  egg 

1  cup  flour 

2  tablespoons  salt 
1  teaspoon  pepper 
1/2  teaspoon  MSG 
1/4  teaspoon  Paprika 
dash  of  garlic  powder 

Preheat  shortening  in  to  375°F.  Cut  the  potatoes  into  16  to  18  equal  side  wedges.  Mix  the  egg  and  milk 
till  well  blended  in  a  big  bowl.  Mix  the  dry  ingredients  into  a  large  bowl.  Put  some  potatoes  in  the  milk 
and  egg  then  into  the  flour  mixture  till  well  coated.  Fry  in  fryer  for  3  minutes  remove  from  the  oil  and 
allow  them  to  sit  for  one  minute  and  then  cook  them  again  for  5  minutes  or  until  cooked.  It  may  take  up 
to  6  minutes. 


The  Gravy  used  to  be  made  fresh  with  the  Cracklings.  Now  it  comes  in  a  pouch  and  all  you  have  to  do  is 
add  water.  Thank  god  for  modified  starch  products. 

KFC  Gravy 

1  1/2  tablespoons  shortening,  melted 

3  tablespoons  of  Original  Breading  Flour 

2  tablespoons  all  purpose  flour 

1  can  Campbell's  Condensed  Chicken  Stock 
1  can  water 

First  we  are  going  to  make  a  roux  with  the  melted  shortening  and  1  1/2  tablespoon  of  breading  flour. 
Cook  this  over  low  heat  for  10  to  15  minutes  or  until  the  roux  browns  in  color  to  resemble  a  nice  milk 
chocolate  color.  Once  the  mixture  turns  brown  remove  it  from  the  heat  and  add  the  remaining  flour  and 
slowly  add  the  liquid(s)  to  incorporate  it  so  no  lumps.  Bring  the  mixture  to  a  boil  and  boil  for  2  minutes 
reduce  the  heat  and  allow  the  mixture  to  thicken  which  would  take  about  3  to  5  minutes. 
*That  is  just  the  flour  that  you  use  to  bread  the  chicken  with. 


Page  5 


The  mashed  potatoes  are  served  and  made  by  mix.  It  comes  in  a  bag  just  add  water  and  butter.  Many 
people  just  come  to  KFC  to  get  these  potatoes  and  gravy. 

KFC  Mashed  Potatoes 

2  1/2  cups  Idaho  Potato  Flakes 

1  stick  Margarine 

2  tablespoons  Butter 
2  1/2  cups  Hot  Water 
3/4  cup  Milk 

1  teaspoon  salt 

Heat  water  add  butter  and  margarine  till  melted.  Add  the  salt  and  cook  for  2  minutes.  Add  the  flakes  and 
mix  till  it  looks  like  regular  potatoes.  Add  milk  to  proper  consistency.  Serve  with  gravy.  Serves  6 

Before  you  cook  the  chicken  it  has  to  be  marinated.  The  original  way  that  the  Colonel  used  to  produce 
his  chicken  was  to  marinate  it.  The  following  Marinate  recipe  is  still 

used  today  at  KFC  for  the  Crispy  Strips  which  are  marinated  daily  in  40  to  80  lbs  at  a  time,  however  the 
amount  of  this  marinade  is  only  good  for  about  15  lbs  of  chicken. 

The  Kentucky  Fried  Chicken  Marinate 

2  tablespoons  Potassium 
2  tablespoons  Kosher  Salt 

4  tablespoons  MSG 

1/8  teaspoon  Garlic  Powder 

1/3  cup  Bottled  Chicken  Concentrate 

5  cups  water 

Mix  all  of  the  above  and  soak  the  chicken  in  the  above  marinate  for  24  hours  under  refrigeration. 

The  Original  Recipe  is  not  packaged  in  three  different  places.  The  way  it  is  cooked  and  the  process 
makes  it  taste  like  it  has  eleven  herbs  and  spices  when  in  reality  there  is  not.  The  way  it  is  done  in  the 
restaurant  is  using  dried  eggs  and  milk  in  the  flour  along  with  a  box  of  breading  salt  and  the  seasoning 
bag  and  a  bag  of  breading  flour. 

KFC  ORIGINAL  RECIPE 

2  fryer  chickens  cut  up  into  8  pieces  and  marinated 

6  cups  Crisco  Shortening 

1  eggs  well  beaten 

2  cups  Milk 
2  cups  Flour 

Page  6 


2  teaspoons  ground  pepper 

3  tablespoons  salt 
1  teaspoon  MSG 

1/8  teaspoon  Garlic  Powder 
1  dash  paprika 

Place  shortening  into  the  pressure  cooker  and  heat  over  medium  heat  to  the  shortening  reaches  400°F.  In 
a  small  bowl,  combine  the  egg  and  milk.  In  a  separate  bowl,  combine 

the  remaining  six  dry  ingredients.  Dip  each  piece  of  chicken  into  the  milk  until  fully  moistened.  Roll  the 
moistened  chicken  in  the  flour  mixture  until  well  coated.  In  groups  of  four  or  five,  drop  the  covered 
chicken  pieces  into  the  shortening  and  lock  the  lid.  When  pressure  builds  up  cook  for  10  minutes. 
RELEASE  TO  MANUFACTURER'S 
INSTRUCTIONS 

After  he  perfected  his  original  he  made  a  crispy  recipe  that  was  marinated  first  then  fried  the 
conventional  way.  This  one  is  double  dunked  into  the  coating  to  give  it  its  great  taste. 

KFC  EXTRA  CRISPY 

1  whole  frying  chicken,  cut  up  and  marinated 

6-8  cups  shortening  for  cooking 

1  egg,  beaten 

1  cup  milk 

2  cups  all-purpose  flour 
2  1/2  teaspoons  salt 
3/4  teaspoon  pepper 
3/4  teaspoon  MSG 

1/8  teaspoon  Paprika 

1/8  teaspoon  Garlic  Powder 

1/8  teaspoon  Baking  Powder 

Trim  any  excess  skin  and  fat  from  the  chicken  pieces.  Preheat  the  shortening  in  a  deep-fryer  to  350 
degrees.  Combine  the  beaten  egg  and  milk  in  a  medium  bowl.  In  another  medium  bowl,  combine  the 
remaining  coating  ingredients  (flour,  salt,  pepper  and  MSG).  When  the  chicken  has  marinated,  transfer 
each  piece  to  paper  towels  so  that  excess  liquid  can  drain  off.  Working  with  one  piece  at  a  time,  first  dip 
in  egg  and  milk  then  coat  the  chicken  with  the  dry  flour  mixture,  then  the  egg  and  milk  mixture  again, 
and  then  back  into  the  flour.  Be  sure  that  each  piece  is  coated  very  generously.  Stack  the  chicken  on  a 
plate  or  cookie  sheet  until  each  piece  has  been  coated.  Drop  the  chicken,  one  piece  at  a  time  into  the  hot 
shortening.  Fry  half  of  the  chicken  at  a  time  (4  pieces)  for  12-15  minutes,  or  until  it  is  golden  brown. 
You  should  be  sure  to  stir  the  chicken  around  halfway  through  the  cooking  time  so  that  each  piece  cooks 
evenly.  Remove  the  chicken  to  a  rack  or  towels  to  drain  for  about  5  minutes  before  eating. 

Once  he  perfected  his  Extra  Crispy  he  had  customers  who  wanted  it  to  be  spicy  and  bold  so  he  created 

Page  7 


his  Hot  and  Spicy  Chicken.  Here  is  his  original  recipe  which  has  changed  a  bit  in  this  day  and  age.  It 
comes  frozen  and  is  cooked  frozen  and  not  prepared  fresh  in  many  stores. 

Hot  and  Spicy  Chicken 

1  whole  frying  chicken,  cut  up  and  Marinated 
6-8  cups  shortening 

1  egg,  beaten 

1  cup  milk 

2  cups  all-purpose  flour 
2  1/2  teaspoons  salt 
3/4  teaspoon  pepper 

1  teaspoon  white  pepper 
3/4  teaspoon  Cayenne  Pepper 
3/4  teaspoon  MSG 
1/8  teaspoon  Garlic  Powder 
1/8  teaspoon  Baking  Powder 

Trim  any  excess  skin  and  fat  from  the  chicken  pieces.  Preheat  the  shortening  in  a  deep-fryer  to  350 
degrees.  Combine  the  beaten  egg  and  milk  in  a  medium  bowl.  In  another  medium  bowl,  combine  the 
remaining  coating  ingredients  When  the  chicken  has  marinated,  transfer  each  piece  to  paper  towels  so 
that  excess  liquid  can  drain  off.  Working  with  one  piece  at  a  time,  dip  in  egg  and  milk  then  coat  the 
chicken  with  the  dry  flour  mixture,  coated  very  generously.  Stack  the  chicken  on  a  plate  or  cookie  sheet 
until  each  piece  has  been  coated.  Drop  the  chicken,  one  piece  at  a  time  into  the  hot  shortening.  Fry  half 
of  the  chicken  at  a  time  (4  pieces)  for  12-15  minutes,  or  until  it  is  golden  brown.  You  should  be  sure  to 
stir  the  chicken  around  halfway  through  the  cooking  time  so  that  each  piece  cooks  evenly.  Remove  the 
chicken  to  a  rack  or  towels  to  drain  for  about  5  minutes  before  eating. 

The  Colonel  used  to  sale  chicken  nuggets  that  were  tasty  but  he  taught  why  not  prepare  fresh  chicken 
strips  of  all  white  meat  and  that  is  how  the  Colonel's  Crispy  Strips  were 
born.  You  will  notice  it  is  the  same  as  the  Extra  Crispy. 

KFC  Crispy  Strips 

1  egg,  beaten 

1  cup  milk 

2  cups  all-purpose  flour 
2  1/2  teaspoons  salt 
3/4  teaspoon  pepper 
3/4  teaspoon  MSG 

1/8  teaspoon  Paprika 

1/8  teaspoon  Garlic  Powder 

1/8  teaspoon  Baking  Powder 


Page  8 


Cut  6  chicken  Breasts  into  strips,  or  you  can  by  chicken  tenders  in  the  store.  Marinate  them  overnight . 
Preheat  the  shortening  in  a  deep-fryer  to  350  degrees.  Beat  1  egg  and  1  cup  of  milk.  Dip  the  chicken  into 
the  egg  mixture.  Dip  the  the  chicken  into  the  coating  and  then  double  dip.  Fry  in  fryer  a  few  at  a  time  till 
they  are  golden  brown  about  5  minutes  or  until  they  float..  Remove  the  chicken  to  a  rack  and  allow  to 
drain  for  5  minutes 

The  Colonel  has  decided  to  make  Hot  and  Spicy  Strips  that  ran  for  short  times  the  difference  is  the 
second  dip  it  is  dipped  into  hot  sauce  then  breaded  again  and  then  fried  just  like  the  original  crispy  strips. 
For  the  barbecue  strips  make  the  strips  the  original  way  and  then  dip  into  the  Honey  Barbecue  Dipping 
Sauce. 


The  Colonel  deiced  that  wings  were  going  to  be  a  good  thing  to  serve  and  so  he  decided  to  create  fried 
wings  that  are  very  tasty.  The  Honey  Barbecue  wings  are  tasty  .  After  they  are  made  they  are  dipped  into 
the  Honey  Barbecue  Dipping  Sauce.  If  you  don't  want  the  honey  barbecue  wings  just  serve  them  as  the 
regular  wings. 

KFC  Wings 

6-8  cups  shortening 
20  chicken  wing  pieces 
1  egg,  beaten 

1  cup  milk 

2  cups  all-purpose  flour 
2  1/2  teaspoons  salt 
3/4  teaspoon  pepper 
3/4  teaspoon  MSG 

1/8  teaspoon  Paprika 

1/8  teaspoon  Garlic  Powder 

If  you  are  using  frozen  wings  allow  them  to  defrost  and  marinate.  If  you  are  using  fresh  wings  you  are 
going  to  want  to  take  the  wing  and  remove  the  flipper  and  then  break  them  into  two  pieces  and  then 
marinate  them.  Combine  the  beaten  egg  with  the  milk  in  a  small  bowl.  In  another  small  bowl,  combine 
the  flour,  salt,  pepper,  garlic  powder,  paprika  and  MSG.  When  shortening  is  hot,  dip  each  wing  first  in 
the  flour  mixture,  then  into  the  milk  and  egg  mixture,  and  back  into  the  flour.  Bread  all  the  wings  then 
refrigerate  them  until  ready  to  use.  When  they  are  ready  to  be  used  fry  them  6  at  a  time  for  12  minutes. 
Remove  from  the  shortening  and  allow  them  to  drain  for  3  minutes.  For  the  barbecue  ones  dip  in  the 
barbecue  sauce  and  serve. 

The  Colonel  also  had  a  Roasted  chicken  that  was  mighty  tasty.  The  chicken  was  marinated  also  and  then 
baked  with  his  famous  seasonings.  The  baking  process  was  long  it  takes  4  hours  to  bake  it.  It  is  baked  at 
225  for  2  hours  till  the  internal  temp  was  at  175.  But  for  you  at  home  I  have  updated  this  to  be  baked  at  a 
hire  temperature  and  be  prepared  in  less  time. 

Tender  Roast 


Page  9 


Spice  Mix 

1/2  teaspoon  salt 

1/2  teaspoon  pepper 

1/2  teaspoon  lemon  pepper 

1/4  teaspoon  thyme 

1/4  teaspoon  paprika 

1/8  teaspoon  garlic  powder 

1/8  teaspoon  MSG 

Trim  the  excess  fat  from  the  chicken.  Marinade  the  chicken  in  the  mixture  for  3  to  4  hrs  or  overnight. 
Remove  the  chicken  from  the  marinade  and  allow  to  dry.  Sprinkle  the  chicken  lightly  with  seasoning. 
Place  on  baking  pan  and  bake  at  325F  for  1  to  1  1/2  hrs  till  chicken  is  done.  Allow  to  sit  for  1  to  2 
minutes  then  serve 

One  of  the  favorite  items  that  is  on  the  menu  is  the  Barbecue  sauce  that  was  original  made  fresh  in  the 
store  and  used  to  dip  the  wings,  the  original  chicken  and  now  the  chicken  strips.  Now  it  comes  in  a  bag 
and  all  we  have  to  do  is  add  hot  water  and  keep  warm. 

KFC  Honey  BBQ  Dipping  Sauce 

1  1/2  cups  ketchup 
1/3  cup  white  vinegar 
1/8  cup  molasses 
1/8  cup  corn  syrup 
1/4  cup  honey 

1  teaspoon  liquid  smoke  flavoring 

1/2  teaspoon  salt 

1/4  teaspoon  garlic  powder 

1/8  teaspoon  onion  powder 

1  teaspoon  MSG 

1/4  teaspoon  of  chili  powder 

In  a  sauce  pan  combine  all  of  the  above  and  bring  to  a  simmer.  Simmer  for  5  minutes  and  keep  warm. 
When  you  are  ready  to  eat  the  chicken  dip  in  and  allow  the  chicken  to  drain  for  1  minute. 


Page  10 


