Welcome  To  E-Cookbooks! 


VJJE  Publishing  Co. 


Welcome  To  E-Cookbooks! 

Table  of  Contents 


Introduction:  1 

>  For  Optimal  Viewing:  2 

Beer  Barbecue  Sauce  3 

Honey  Spiced  BBO  Sauce.  4 

Jack  Daniel's  Grilling  Sauce  5 

Watermelon  Barbecue  Sauce.  6 

Tennessee  BBO  Sauce.  7 

Molasses  Orange  Barbecue  Sauce  8 

Carolina  BBO  Rub.  9 

Cajun  Blackening  Spices.  10 

Chili  Paste.  11 

Kansas  City  Rib  Rub  12 

Maple  Barbecued  Chicken  13 

Cinnamon  Honey  Wings.  14 

Barbecued  Orange  Chicken  15 

Grilled  Key  Lime  Chicken  16 

Apple  Smoked  Barbecue  Ribs.  17 

Memphis-Style  Barbecued  Ribs.  18 

Babv  Back  Ribs  With  Mustard  Sauce.  19 

Grilled  Leek  And  Sweet  Pepper  20 

Mediterranean  Grilled  Vegetables  21 

Shrimp  On  The  Barbie.  22 

Grilled  Halibut  With  Oriental  Sauce  23 

Barbecued  Chuck  Roast.  24 


Welcome  To  E-Cookbooks! 

Table  of  Contents 


Bourbon  Steak.  25 

Marinated  Steak  Kabobs.  26 

Turn  Your  Grill  Into  A  Smoker!  27 


ii 


Introduction: 


http://www.e-cookbooks.net 
Your  Source  For  FREE  COOKBOOKS! 


Barbecue  Recipes 

This  e-cookbook  may  be  distributed  freely: 
Pass  It  Along  To  A  Friend! 

(attach  it  in  your  next  email!) 

Thank  you  very  much  for  your  interest  in  our  recipes.  If  you 
have  any  questions  or  comments,  please  email: 
support(5)e-cookbooks.net 


FREE  Recipes  By  Email: 
Subscribe  to  the  VJJE  Recipe  Weekly 

subscribe(5)e-cookbooks.net 


Introduction: 


1 


>  For  Optimal  Viewing 


To  utilize  this  e-cookbook  efficiently,  we  suggest  the  following: 

•  Click  "View"  at  the  top  of  the  toolbar.  There  should  only  be  two  items 
checked. 

•  Click  "Actual  Size"  if  anything  in  the  top  section  is  checked  (if  the  setting  is 
right  there  will  be  nothing  checked). 

•  Make  sure  "Continuous"  is  checked. 

•  Make  Sure  "Bookmarks  and  Page"  is  checked. 


Discover  Our  Private  Library  Of  Electronic  Books: 


The  VJJE-Book  Library 


http://www.e-cookbooks.net/library/ 


>  For  Optimal  Viewing: 


2 


Beer  Barbecue  Sauce 


1  cup  Prepared  barbecue  sauce 

1  cup  Ketchup 
2/3  cup  Beer 

1/4  cup  Honey  or  Molasses 

2  tablespoons  Lemon  juice 

2  tablespoons  Red  wine  vinegar 

2  tablespoons  Dijon  mustard 

1  tablespoon  Worcestershire  sauce 

1  teaspoon  Hot  pepper  sauce 
1/2  teaspoon  Pepper 

2  Garlic  cloves,  minced 
2  Onions,  finely  chopped 

In  large  bowl,  combine  barbecue  sauce,  ketchup,  beer,  honey,  lemon  juice, 
vinegar,  mustard,  Worcestershire  sauce,  hot  pepper  sauce,  pepper,  garlic 
and  onions.  Place  food  in  marinade  and  let  stand  at  room  tepmerature  for 
up  to  2  hours  or  in  refrigerator  overnight.  When  ready  to  cook,  remove  food 
and  place  marinade  in  saucepan  and  cook  for  10  minutes  or  until  thickened. 
Use  as  sauce  for  basting  or  serving  with  cooked  food. 


Use  Apple  Wood  Chips  for  a  Better  BBQ! 
http://www.e-cookbooks.net/bbq/ 


Beer  Barbecue  Sauce 


3 


Honey  Spiced  BBQ  Sauce 


1  1/4  Cup  Catchup 
2/3  Cup  Salad  oil 
3/4  Cup  Vinegar 

5  Tablespoons  Worcestershire  sauce 

1  Cup  Honey 

2  Tablespoon  Dry  mustard 

3  Teaspoon  Ginger,  fresh  grated 
1  Lemon,  sliced  thinly 

3  Tablespoons  Butter 

Combine  all  ingredients  in  a  saucepan  and  heat  to  blend  together. 
Remove  lemon  peel  before  basting. 


Use  Apple  Wood  Chips  for  a  Better  BBQ! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net/bbq/ 


Honey  Spiced  BBQ  Sauce 


4 


Jack  Daniel's  Grilling  Sauce 


1/2  cup  pineapple  juice 
3  tablespoons  soy  sauce 
1-1/2  teaspoon  garlic  powder 
1/4  cup  Jack  Daniel's  Whiskey 

Combine  all  ingredients  and  mix  well.  Dip  meat  in  sauce  and  place  on  grill 
over  hot  coals.  When  meat  is  turned,  brush  with  sauce.  Grill  to  desired 
degree  of  doneness.  Just  before  meat  is  removed  from  grill,  brush  again 
with  sauce.  Makes  enough  for  8  servings. 


Use  Apple  Wood  Chips  for  a  Better  BBQ! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net/bbq/ 


Jack  Daniel's  Grilling  Sauce 


5 


Watermelon  Barbecue  Sauce 


1  -  6  Pound  Seedless  Watermelon  chunk 
8  Ounces  Tomato  Paste 
1  Tablespoon  Onion  Powder 

1  Tablespoon  Garlic  Powder 

2  Cups  Firmly  packed  brown  sugar 
1/2  Cup  Sherry 

2  Teaspoons  Lemon  juice 
1  Teaspoon  Liquid  smoke 

Cut  the  melon  into  pieces  and  place  in  a  saucepan.  Cook  it  uncovered  over 
medium  heat  until  the  melon  is  the  consistency  of  applesauce  (approximately 
2-3  hours).  Stir  it  occasionally.  Add  remaining  ingredients.  Simmer 
uncovered  over  low  heat  for  2  hours.  Allow  to  cool  to  room  temperature 
before  using. 


Use  Apple  Wood  Chips  for  a  Better  BBQ! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net/bbq/ 


Watermelon  Barbecue  Sauce 


6 


Tennessee  BBQ  Sauce 


1  Cup  Catsup 
1/2  Cup  Vinegar 

1/4  Cup  Worcestershire  sauce 

2  Cup  Water 

1  Onions,  chopped 
1/2  Cup  Brown  sugar 
1  Teaspoon  Celery  seed 
1/2  Teaspoon  Salt 

Combine  ingredients  in  small  saucepan  and  bring  to  boil.  Simmer  until 
reduced  to  thick  sauce,  stirring  occasionally. 


Use  Apple  Wood  Chips  for  a  Better  BBQ! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net/bbq/ 


Tennessee  BBQ  Sauce 


7 


Molasses  Orange  Barbecue  Sauce 


1  Can  Tomato  soup,  condensed  (10  3/4  Ounce) 

1  Can  Tomato  sauce,  8  Ounce  can 

1/2  Cup  Molasses,  light 

1/2  Cup  Vinegar 

1/2  Cup  Brown  sugar,  packed 

1/4  Cup  Vegetable  oil 

1  Tablespoon  Minced  onion,  instant 

1  Tablespoon  Seasoned  salt 

1  Tablespoon  Dry  mustard 

1  Tablespoon  Worcestershire  sauce 

1  Tablespoon  Orange  peel,  finely  shredded 

1-1/2  Teaspoon  Paprika 

1/2  Teaspoon  Pepper,  black 

1/4  Teaspoon  Garlic  powder 

In  a  saucepan,  combine  all  ingredients.  Bring  to  a  boil;  reduce  heat  and 
simmer  uncovered  fo  20  minutes.  Use  to  baste  beef  or  poultry  last 
15  minutes  of  grilling. 


Use  Apple  Wood  Chips  for  a  Better  BBQ! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net/bbq/ 


Molasses  Orange  Barbecue  Sauce 


8 


Carolina  BBQ  Rub 


2  tablespoons  salt 

2  tablespoons  sugar 

2  tablespoons  brown  sugar 

2  tablespoons  ground  cumin 

2  tablespoons  chili  powder 

2  tablespoons  freshly  ground  black  pepper 

1  tablespoon  cayenne  pepper 

1/4  cup  paprika 

Combine  all  ingredients  in  a  small  bowl  and  mix  well;  use  as  a  dry  rub  on 
beef,  chicken,  lamb  or  pork. 


Use  Apple  Wood  Chips  for  a  Better  BBQ! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net/bbq/ 


Carolina  BBQ  Rub 


9 


Cajun  Blackening  Spices 


5  teaspoons  paprika 

1  teaspoon  ground  dried  oregano 

1  teaspoon  ground  dried  thyme 

1  teaspoon  cayenne  pepper 

1/2  teaspoon  finely  ground  black  pepper 

1/2  teaspoon  finely  ground  white  pepper 

1/2  teaspoon  garlic  powder 

Mix  together  and  store  in  an  air-tight  container. 


Use  Apple  Wood  Chips  for  a  Better  BBQ! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net/bbq/ 


Cajun  Blackening  Spices 


10 


Chili  Paste 


1  Lemon  (and  zest) 
1  Lime  (and  zest) 
1  orange  (and  zest) 

1/2  green  chili,  or  more  to  taste  (chopped  with  or  without  seeds) 

5  garlic  cloves  (finely  crushed) 

3  tablespoons  mild  chili  powder 

1  tablespoon  olive  oil 

1  tablespoon  paprika 

1  teaspoon  ground  cumin 

1  teaspoon  salt 

1/2  teaspoon  dried  oregano 

1/4  teaspoon  ground  cinnamon 

Mix  1/2  teaspoon  of  each  fruit  zest  and  all  the  juices  with  other 
ingredients.  Add  more  spices  if  desired.  Let  stand  at  least  30  minutes 
before  using  (should  thicken). 


Use  Apple  Wood  Chips  for  a  Better  BBQ! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net/bbq/ 


Chili  Paste 


11 


Kansas  City  Rib  Rub 


1/2  cup  brown  sugar 

1/4  cup  paprika 

1  tablespoon  black  pepper 

1  tablespoon  salt 

1  tablespoon  chili  powder 

3/4  tablespoon  garlic  powder 

3/4  tablespoon  onion  powder 

1  teaspoon  cayenne 

Mix  all  ingredients  together  and  store  in  an  air  tight  container. 


Use  Apple  Wood  Chips  for  a  Better  BBQ! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net/bbq/ 


Kansas  City  Rib  Rub 


12 


Maple  Barbecued  Chicken 


4  skinless  chicken  thighs 

3  tablespoons  maple  syrup 
3  tablespoons  chili  sauce 
1  tablespoon  cider  vinegar 

1  tablespoon  canola  oil 

2  teaspoon  Dijon  mustard 
1  cup  Apple  Wood  Chips 

Soak  Apple  Chips  in  water  for  30  minutes.  Preheat  grill.  Combine  syrup, 
chili  sauce,  vinegar  and  mustard  together  in  a  saucepan.  Let  simmer  for 

5  minutes.  Brush  chicken  with  the  oil  and  season  with  salt  and  pepper. 
Add  wood  chips  to  coals.  Place  chicken  on  grill  and  cook  for  10-15  minutes 
or  until  fork  tender.  Turn  occasionally  and  brush  generously  with  sauce  in 
the  last  few  minutes  before  they  are  done. 


Use  Apple  Wood  Chips  for  a  Better  BBQ! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net/bbq/ 


Maple  Barbecued  Chicken 


13 


Cinnamon  Honey  Wings 


2  1/2  pounds  Chicken  wings 

4  each  Garlic  cloves,  chopped 

1/4  cup  Olive  oil 

2  tablespoons  Soy  sauce 

1/4  cup  Vinegar,  rice 

1/4  cup  Honey,  mild 

1-1/2  teaspoons  Cinnamon,  ground 

1  teaspoon  Thyme 

1/2  teaspoon  Ginger,  ground 

1/2  teaspoon  Mustard,  dry 

1  cup  Apple  Wood  Chips 

Mix  all  ingredients  (except  chips)  in  a  plastic  bag  then  knead  occasionally 
for  2  hours.  Soak  wood  chips  in  water  for  30  minutes.  Prepare  fire  in  grill. 
Add  chips  to  hot  coals.  Cook  wings  on  the  grill  for  about  1 0  minutes  on 
one  side,  then  turn  and  baste  with  the  marinade.  Continue  cooking 
10  minutes  or  until  done.  Serve  immediately  or  refrigerate  until  needed. 


Use  Apple  Wood  Chips  for  a  Better  BBQ! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net/bbq/ 


Cinnamon  Honey  Wings 


14 


Barbecued  Orange  Chicken 


2  1/2  lbs  chicken  parts 

BBQ  Sauce: 
1/4  cup  vegetable  oil 
1/4  cup  frozen  orange  juice  concentrate 
1/2  cup  white  wine  vinegar 
1/4  cup  tomato  paste 

1  orange  zest,  removed  with  grater,  orange 
slices  reserved  for  salad 

Salad: 
1  large,  ripe  tomato 

1  orange,  sectioned  (without  rind,  see  above) 

2  scallions,  chopped 

1  Tablespoon  vegetable  oil 
1  Tablespoon  white  wine  vinegar 
1/8  Teaspoon  salt 
1/8  Teaspoon  pepper 

Prepare  grill;  heat  coals.  In  medium  bowl,  mix  together  all  barbecue 
ingredients  until  smooth.  Place  chicken  on  grill  away  from  center  heat, 
skin-side-down;  cook  15  minutes.  Turn  chicken  and  grill  for  10  additional 
minutes.  Brush  chicken  pieces  with  sauce  and  turn  occasionally;  cooking 
for  additional  10  minutes.  Cut  tomato  into  wedges  and  place  in  medium 
bowl.  Use  sharp  paring  knife  to  cut  out  white  pith  off  orange.  Remove 
orange  sections  and  add  them  to  tomato.  Sprinkle  with  oil,  vinegar  and 
scallions;  toss.  Season  with  salt  and  pepper  and  toss  again.  Serve 
chicken  with  salad  on  the  side. 

Use  Apple  Wood  Chips  for  a  Better  BBQ! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net/bbq/ 


Barbecued  Orange  Chicken 


15 


Grilled  Key  Lime  Chicken 


3  pounds  Chicken  breasts;  boneless,  skinless 
1  cup  Key  lime  juice 

1  tablespoon  Honey 
3/4  cup  Water 

1/2  teaspoon  Fresh  ground  black  pepper 
1/2  teaspoon  Ground  thyme 

2  tablespoons  Vegetable  oil 

1  tablespoon  Fresh  ginger;  peel,  grated 

Combine  all  ingredients  except  chicken  in  blender  or  food  processor. 
Process  until  combined  well.  Pour  over  chicken.  Cover  and  let 
marinate  in  the  refrigerator  overnight.  Grill  over  hot  coals,  turning 
once,  until  done.  Garnish  with  cilantro  and  lime  slices. 

Use  Apple  Wood  Chips  for  a  Better  BBQ! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net/bbq/ 


Grilled  Key  Lime  Chicken 


16 


Apple  Smoked  Barbecue  Ribs 


2  slabs  baby  back  ribs,  or  spareribs 
1/2  teaspoon  cinnamon 
1/2  teaspoon  ground  cloves 
1/4  teaspoon  pepper 

1  cup  Apple  Wood  Chips 
barbecue  sauce  (recipe  follows) 

Preheat  oven  to  400F.  Rub  cinnamon,  cloves  and  pepper  into 
both  sides  of  ribs.  Place  ribs  on  wire  rack  on  baking  pan. 
Bake  for  3  hours  until  tender. 

Soak  wood  chips  in  water  for  30  minutes.  Prepare  grill. 
Place  apple  wood  chips  directly  in  the  center  of  hot  barbecue 
coals.  Baste  ribs  and  place  on  grill  above  wood  chips.  Cover, 
grill  and  cook  for  10  minutes.  Turn  ribs,  baste  again  and  cook 
another  10  minutes  or  until  ribs  are  browned  but  still  moist. 

Barbecue  Sauce: 

2-15  oz.  cans  tomato  sauce 
1/2  cup  molasses 
10  cloves  garlic 

2  tablespoons  ground  cumin 
2  tablespoons  dry  mustard 
fresh  ground  pepper 

1/2  teaspoon  cinnamon 

1/4  teaspoon  hot  pepper  flakes 

1/2  cup  red  wine  vinegar 

Combine  all  ingredients  except  vinegar  in  saucepan.  Simmer, 
covered,  on  low  heat  for  1  hour,  stirring  occasionally.  Add 
vinegar  to  taste  and  simmer  for  another  1 5  minutes.  Chill  at 
least  24  hours,  or  until  ready  to  use. 

Use  Apple  Wood  Chips  for  a  Better  BBQ! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net/bbq/ 


Apple  Smoked  Barbecue  Ribs 


17 


Memphis-Style  Barbecued  Ribs 


3  Pound  Racks  baby  back  ribs 
2  Teaspoon  Salt 

2  Teaspoon  Coarse  ground  black  pepper 
Apple  Juice  for  Basting 

1  Cup  Red  wine  vinegar 

2  Cup  Onion,  chopped 
2  Garlic,  cloves,  minced 

1/4  Cup  Mustard,  yellow  prepared 

1/2  Cup  Brown  sugar,  packed 

2  Cup  Ketchup 

2  Lemons,  thinly  sliced 

1  Teaspoon  Louisiana  hot  sauce 

Trim  as  much  fat  as  possible  from  ribs.  On  bone  side,  work  knife  tip  beneath 
membrane  that  covers  bone  until  finger  tips  can  be  worked  beneath  rack 
membrane,  loosening  enough  to  get  firm  grip.  Then  peel  membrane  off  rack. 
With  paring  knife,  scrape  any  fat  away  from  bone. 

Sprinkle  ribs  on  both  sides  with  even,  light  coating  of  salt  and  pepper. 
Place  ribs,  bone-side-down  on  grill.  Grill  over  low  fire  1  1/2  hours,  turning 
every  15  to  20  minutes,  replenishing  fire  as  necessary.  Baste  with  apple 
juice  at  every  turn  during  first  half  of  cooking  period  either  by  brushing 
on,  or  simply  spraying  apple  juice  from  spray  bottle.  If  smoking  with 
indirect  heat,  turn  at  1  hour  intervals,  cooking  4  to  6  hours. 

Combine  vinegar,  onion,  garlic,  mustard,  sugar  and  hot  sauce  in  blender. 
Blend  until  smooth.  Place  in  saucepan  and  add  ketchup.  Simmer  20  minutes. 
Add  lemon  slices.  Stir  occasionally  to  keep  from  sticking.  Use  sauce  as 
frequent  baste  for  last  half  of  cooking  period,  whether  grilling  or  smoking, 
being  careful  not  to  burn  ribs.  Serve  remaining  sauce  on  side. 

Use  Apple  Wood  Chips  for  a  Better  BBQ! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net/bbq/ 


Memphis-Style  Barbecued  Ribs 


18 


Baby  Back  Ribs  With  Mustard  Sauce 


1/3  cup  Brown  sugar 

1/4  cup  Onion,  finely  chopped 

1/4  cup  Vinegar 

1/4  cup  Mustard 

1/2  teaspoon  Celery  seed 

1/4  teaspoon  Garlic  powder 

4  pounds  Pork  spareribs,  or  pork  loin  ribs,  cut  into  pieces 

For  sauce,  in  a  saucepan  combine  brown  sugar,  onion,  vinegar,  mustard, 
celery  seed  and  garlic  powder.  Bring  to  boiling,  stirring  till  sugar 
dissolves.  Preheat  grill.  Adjust  heat  for  indirect  cooking.  Place  ribs 
on  grill  rack  over  medium  heat.  Cover  and  grill  for  1  1/4  to  1  1/2  hours  or 
till  ribs  are  tender  and  no  pink  remains.  Brush  occasionally  with  sauce  the 
last  15  minutes  of  grilling. 


Use  Apple  Wood  Chips  for  a  Better  BBQ! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net/bbq/ 


Baby  Back  Ribs  With  Mustard  Sauce 


19 


Grilled  Leek  And  Sweet  Pepper 


2  medium  leeks,  green  tops  trimmed,  split  up  to  the  root  ends,  cleaned 

1  Tablespoon  olive  oil 

1  large  red  bell  pepper 

1  large  yellow  bell  pepper 

4  Tablespoon  unsalted  butter 

1  large  clove,  garlic,  minced  fine 

1/3  cup  dry  vermouth 

salt  and  freshly  ground  pepper  to  taste 

12  oz.  fresh  fettuccine 

1  Tablespoon  fresh  thyme  leaves 

1  cup  Apple  Wood  chips 

Prepare  a  medium-hot  fire  in  the  grill.  Coat  the  leeks  with  olive  oil. 

When  the  coals  are  covered  in  gray  ash  add  the  presoaked  chips  to  the  fire. 
When  the  chips  start  to  smoke  place  the  leeks  and  peppers  on  the  cooking 
grid  directly  over  the  fire. 

Grill,  turning  as  needed,  until  leeks  are  tender  and  golden  brown,  about 
10-12  minutes,  and  skin  of  peppers  is  charred,  about  15  minutes.  Remove  the 
leeks  from  grill  and  let  cool.  Remove  the  peppers  from  the  grill  and  place 
in  a  paper  or  plastic  bag  and  seal;  set  aside  and  allow  to  steam. 

When  cool,  trim  root  ends  from  leeks,  then  cut  into  thin  strips.  Peel  and 
seed  bell  peppers  and  cut  into  thin  strips. 

Meanwhile,  heat  a  large  pot  of  water  to  boiling. 

Heat  butter  in  a  large  skillet  over  medium  heat.  Add  garlic  and  cook, 
stirring  frequently,  until  pale  golden.  Add  vermouth,  and  reduce  to  syrupy 
consistency.  Stir  in  leeks  and  peppers  and  season  with  salt  and  pepper. 

Salt  boiling  water,  add  pasta,  and  cook  until  tender  but  still  firm  to  the 
bite.  Drain  thoroughly,  add  to  skillet  and  toss  well.  Sprinkle  with  thyme 
and  serve  hot. 

Use  Apple  Wood  Chips  for  a  Better  BBQ! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net/bbq/ 


Grilled  Leek  And  Sweet  Pepper 


20 


Mediterranean  Grilled  Vegetables 


1  pound  Large  onion 
1  pound  Red  bell  pepper 
1  pound  Green  bell  pepper 
1  pound  Yellow  squash 
1  pound  Zucchini  squash 
1  cup  Olive  oil 
1/3  cup  Italian  seasoning 

Peel  onions  and  cut  top-to-bottom  in  large  wedges.  Cut  tops  from  bell 
peppers,  remove  core,  and  cut  in  large  top-to-bottom  pieces.  Trim  ends 
from  squash  and  cut  in  diagonal  rounds,  about  1/2"  thick.  Toss  all 
vegetables  in  a  large  bowl  with  olive  oil  and  seasoning,  breaking  up  the 
onion  wedges  somewhat.  Place  in  a  single  layer  on  a  very  hot  grill 
(watch  out  for  the  flare-ups!)  and  grill,  turning  occasionally,  until  peppers 
are  slightly  charred  and  veggies  are  tender  (about  5  minutes). 
Serve  immediately.  These  are  also  good  refrigerated,  then  microwaved 
to  reheat. 


Use  Apple  Wood  Chips  for  a  Better  BBQ! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net/bbq/ 


Mediterranean  Grilled  Vegetables 


21 


Shrimp  On  The  Barbie 


12  Giant  Prawns,  shelled  and  heads  and  tails  intact 
1/4  cup  Butter 

1  cup  Orange  juice  (freshly,  squeezed) 

2  tablespoons  Sherry 

1  teaspoon  Orange  Zest  (grated) 

2  each  Green  onions,  tops  and  white 

1  teaspoon  Ginger  root,  (freshly  grated) 

Soak  a  dozen  long  wooden  skewers  in  water  for  30  minutes.  Then  push 
skewers  through  prawns,  lengthwise,  from  head  to  tail  with  only  1  to  a 
skewer.  Combine  all  ingredients  in  saucepan  and  cook  over  medium  to 
low  heat,  stirring,  until  butter  is  completely  melted.  Dip  skewered  prawns 
in  the  orange  sauce  and  position  on  oiled  grill  rack  about  4  inches  above 
the  coals.  Baste  liberally  with  sauce  and  grill  for  2  minutes.  Turn  the 
prawn  over  and  baste  again,  cooking  for  another  2  minutes.  Smaller 
prawn  will  be  done  at  this  point,  but  continue  basting  and  turning  larger 
prawn  until  they  are  pink  and  cooked  through.  Remove  from  heat 
immediately  when  done,  as  they  will  get  tough  if  overcooked.  Use  any 
remaining  sauce  for  a  dip  for  the  prawns. 


Use  Apple  Wood  Chips  for  a  Better  BBQ! 
http://www.e-cookbooks.net/bbq/ 


Shrimp  On  The  Barbie 


22 


Grilled  Halibut  With  Oriental  Sauce 


1/4  cup  orange  juice 
2  Tablespoons  soy  sauce 
2  Tablespoons  ketchup 
2  Tablespoons  vegetable  oil 

2  Tablespoons  fresh  parsley  or  1  Tbsp  dried  parsley,  chopped 

1  Tablespoon  fresh  lemon  juice 

1/2  Teaspoon  oregano 

1/2  Teaspoon  pepper 

1  clove  garlic,  minced 

4  6-oz.  halibut  steaks,  cleaned 

1  cup  Apple  Wood  chips 

Combine  orange  juice,  soy  sauce,  ketchup,  oil,  parsley,  lemon  juice, 
oregano,  pepper  and  garlic  in  a  small  bowl.  Brush  the  mixture  evenly  on  the 
steaks,  refrigerate. 

Brush  the  grill  lightly  with  oil.  Light  the  coals  or  gas  grill.  Soak  the 
apple  wood  chips  in  water  for  about  45  minutes.  When  the  coals  turn  white 
add  the  wood  chips.  When  the  chips  start  to  smoke  place  the  steaks  on  the 
grill  rack  and  cook  turning  once,  about  5  to  6  minutes  per  side,  or  until 
the  steaks  flake  when  tested  with  a  fork. 


Use  Apple  Wood  Chips  for  a  Better  BBQ! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net/bbq/ 


Grilled  Halibut  With  Oriental  Sauce 


23 


Barbecued  Chuck  Roast 


4  pounds  Round  (7-bone  chuck  roast),  Cut  2"  thick 

2  teaspoons  Meat  tenderizer 

3  each  Green  onions,  chopped 

1  each  Garlic  clove 

1/4  each  Green  Pepper  (diced) 

2  each  Stalks  Celery,  diced 
1/2  teaspoon  Oregano 

1/2  teaspoon  Rosemary 
1  dash  Cayenne 

1  tablespoon  Worcestershire  sauce 
3/4  cup  Burgundy  wine 

3  tablespoons  Peanut  oil 

Slash  fat  edges.  Sprinkle  both  sides  of  roast  evenly  with  meat  tenderizer. 
Pierce  meat  deeply  all  over  with  fork. 

Place  in  shallow  dish  and  top  with  green  onions,  garlic,  green  pepper, 
celery,  oregano,  rosemary  and  cayenne. 

Combine  Worcestershire,  burgundy  and  oil  and  pour  over  meat.  Refrigerate 
overnight,  turning  meat  several  times,  each  time  spooning  the  chopped 
ingredients  over  top  again. 

Sear  both  sides  over  glowing  coals.  Raise  grill  and  continue  cooking, 
having  meat  about  six  inches  from  heat,  until  done  as  desired.  Allow  from 
50  to  60  minues  for  total  cooking  time.  Brush  frequently  during  cooking  with 
any  remaining  marinade. 


Use  Apple  Wood  Chips  for  a  Better  BBQ! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net/bbq/ 


Barbecued  Chuck  Roast 


24 


Bourbon  Steak 


1-1/2  pounds  steak 

1  teaspoon,  sugar 
1/4  cup  bourbon 

2  tablespoons  soy  sauce 
2  tablespoons  water 

1  garlic  clove,  crushed 
1  cup  Apple  Wood  Chips 

Mix  all  ingredients  (except  chips)  together,  place  in  ziplock  bag  and  marinate 
steak  4  hours  or  over  night.  Soak  wood  chips  in  water  for  30  minutes,  and 
add  to  hot  coals  just  before  commencing  to  grill.  Grill  steak  to  desired 
doneness.  This  recipe  is  good  with  any  cut  of  steak  you  like. 


Use  Apple  Wood  Chips  for  a  Better  BBQ! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net/bbq/ 


Bourbon  Steak 


25 


Marinated  Steak  Kabobs 


1  cup  Onion,  chopped 

1/2  cup  Vegetable  oil 

1/2  cup  Lemon  juice 

1/4  cup  Soy  sauce 

1  tablespoon  Worcesteshire  sauce 

1  teaspoon  Mustard,  prepared 

1  pound  Sirloin  steak,  cut  in  2"cubes 

1  large  Green  pepper,  cut  in  1  "pieces 

2  medium  Onions,  quartered 

2  medium  Tomatoes,  quartered 
1  cup  Apple  Wood  Chips 

Saute  onion  in  oil;  remove  from  heat.  Stir  in  lemon  juice,  soy  sauce, 
Worcestershire  sauce,  and  mustard;  pour  over  meat  and  vegetables. 
Cover  and  marinate  overnight  in  refrigerator.  Remove  meat  and 
vegetables  from  marinade,  reserving  marinade.  Alternate  meat  and 
vegetables  on  skewers. 

Soak  Apple  Wood  Chips  in  water  for  30  minutes.  Prepare  fire  in  grill. 
When  the  grill  is  up  up  temperature,  add  wood  chips;  let  them  start 
smoking.  Grill  kabobs  5  minutes  on  each  side  over  coals  or  until  desired 
degree  of  doneness,  brushing  frequently  with  marinade. 


Use  Apple  Wood  Chips  for  a  Better  BBQ! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net/bbq/ 


Marinated  Steak  Kabobs 


26 


Turn  Your  Grill  Into  A  Smoker! 


Be  sure  to  soak  the  apple  wood  chips  in  water  for  30  -  60  minutes 
before  putting  on  the  grill. 

When  using  gas  grills  it's  best  to  put  presoaked  wood  chips  in  a 
smoker  box  or  wrap  them  in  a  piece  of  aluminum  foil  with  a  lot  of 
holes  in  it.  This  keeps  your  grill  from  filling  up  with  ash  and  clogging 
the  jets.  If  you  are  using  a  charcoal  grill  or  smoker  then  you  can 
just  put  the  wood  directly  on  the  coals  (once  they've  heated  up). 

If  you  haven't  used  wood  before,  start  small.  Use  a  1/4  cup  of 
presoaked  chips  on  your  grill  and  see  what  is  does  for  you.  One  of 
the  great  things  about  barbecue  is  the  wide  variety  of  experimentation 
available  to  the  backyard  cook.  Wood  is  a  great  tool  so  don't  be 
afraid  to  use  it. 

You  can  make  a  homemade  smoker  box  by  using  a  tin  can.  Poke 
some  holes  in  the  can,  then  open  the  lid  not  quite  all  the  way  and 
fill  with  wood  chips  that  have  been  soaked  in  water  for  an  hour. 
Position  the  can  on  the  coals  before  grilling.  Wait  a  little  bit  until 
the  wood  starts  smoking,  and  commence  with  grilling. 


Use  Apple  Wood  Chips  for  a  Better  BBQ! 
http  ://www.e-cookbooks.net/bbq/ 


Turn  Your  Grill  Into  A  Smoker! 


27 


