THE  FOOD  AND  COOKING  NETWORK 


E-Cookbooks  Crockpot  Recipe  Sampler 

VJJE  Publishing  Co. 


E-Cookbooks  Crockpot  Recipe  Sampler 

Table  of  Contents 

Introduction 1 

Personalized  Cooking  Aprons 2 

Autumn  Pork  Chops 3 

Beef  Bourguinon. 4 

Chicken  Livers 5 

Chinese  Country  Ribs. 6 

Coca-Cola  Pot  Roast 7 

Corned  Beef  And  Cabbage. 8 

Crockpot  Corn 9 

Enchiladas. 10 

Fall  Lamb  And  Vegetable  Stew 11 

French  Onion  Beef. 12 

Fresh  Artichokes 13 

Ham  And  Scalloped  Potatoes. 14 

Hawaiian  Chicken  Breasts 15 

Home-Style  Bread  Pudding. 16 

Hungarian  Goulash. 17 

Italian  Chicken 18 

Lemon  Roast  Chicken. 19 

Marinated  Beef  Pot  Roast 20 

Meatloaf. 21 

New  England  Boiled  Dinner 22 

Potato  Stuffed  Cabbage. 23 

Savory  Swiss  Steak. 24 


E-Cookbooks  Crockpot  Recipe  Sampler 

Table  of  Contents 

Slow  Cook  Jambalava. 25 

Super  Easy  Crockpot  Roast 26 

Sweet  &  Sour  Chicken. 27 


THE  FOOD  AND  COOKING  NETWORK 

Crockpot  Recipe  Sampler 

Enjoy  100,000  World  Class  Recipes: 
Visit  The  E-Cookbooks  Library 

We  encourage  you  to  pass  along  this  e-cookbook 
to  a  friend  ...  Show  them  you  have  good  taste! 

Free  Recipes  In  Your  Email! 

Subscribe  to  the  VJJE  Recipe  Weekly 

and  enjoy  new  recipes  each  week. 

It's  fun  and  it's  FREE! 

Click  Here  To  Subscribe 


Introduction 


Personalized  Cooking  Aprons 


a  great  gift  idea  for  anyone ...  including  yourself! 

We'll  inscribe  two  lines  of  YOUR  text  in  a  variety  of  colors 

YOU  choose.  You  can  be  like  a  professional  chef  with  a  name 

and  title!  Create  a  personalized  cooking  apron  for  yourself 

or  as  a  great  gift  idea  for  anyone  that  cooks. 

Or,  choose  from  over  thirty  professionally  designed 
styles  of  aprons  with  colorful  themes. 

Click  HERE  For  Cooking  Aprons! 


Personalized  Cooking  Aprons 


Autumn  Pork  Chops 


6  Thick  pork  chops 

2  Medium  acorn  squash 

3/4  teaspoon  Salt 

2  tablespoons  Margarine,  melted 

3/4  cup  Brown  sugar 

3/4  teaspoon  Kitchen  Bouquet 

1  tablespoon  Orange  juice 

1/2  teaspoon  Orange  peel,  grated 

Trim  excess  fat  from  pork  chops.  Cut  each  squash  into  4  or  5  crossways 
slices;  remove  seeds.  Arrange  3  chops  on  bottom  of  crockpot.  Place  all 
squash  slices  on  top;  then  another  layer  of  three  remaining  chops.  Combine 
salt,  butter,  sugar,  bouquet  sauce,  orange  juice  and  orange  peel.  Spoon  over 
chops.  Cover  and  cook  on  low  6-8  hours  or  until  done.  Serve  one  or  two 
slices  of  squash  with  each  pork  chop. 


Autumn  Pork  Chops 


Beef  Bourguinon 


4  pounds  lean  beef,  cubed 

1  cup  red  wine 

1/3  cup  oil 

1  teaspoon  thyme 

1  teaspoon  black  pepper 
8  slices  bacon,  diced 

2  cloves  garlic,  crushed 
1  onion,  diced 

1  pound  mushrooms,  sliced 
1/3  cup  flour 

Marinate  beef  in  wine,oil,thyme  and  pepper  4  hrs  at  room  temp,  or  overnight 
in  the  fridge.  In  large  pan,  cook  bacon  until  soft.  Add  garlic  and  onion 
sauteeing  until  soft.  Add  mushrooms  and  cook  until  slightly  wilted.  Drain 
beef  reserving  liquid.  Place  beef  in  slow  cooker.  Sprinkle  flour  over  the 
beef  stirring  until  well  coated.  Add  mushroom  mixture  on  top.  Pour  reserved 
marinade  over  all.  Cook  on  LOW  8-9  hrs. 


Beef  Bourguinon 


Chicken  Livers 


1  pound  Chicken  livers 

1/2  cup  Flour 

1  teaspoon  Salt 

1/4  teaspoon  Pepper 

3  Bacon  slices,  diced 

3  Green  onions,  with  tops,  chopped 

1  cup  Chicken  bouillon 

1  can  (10  1/2  oz.)  Golden  Mushroom  soup 

1  can  Sliced  mushrooms,  4-ounce  (drained) 

1/4  cup  White  wine  —  dry  or  sauterne 

Cut  chicken  livers  into  bite-size  pieces;  toss  in  flour,  salt  and  pepper. 
Fry  bacon  pieces  in  large  skillet;  remove  when  brown.  Add  flour-coated 
chicken  livers  and  green  onion  to  bacon  grease  in  skillet;  saute  until  lightly 
browned.  Pour  chicken  bouillon  into  skillet  and  stir  into  drippings.  Pour 
all  into  crockpot.  Add  browned  bacon  bits  and  all  remaining  ingredients. 
Cover  and  cook  on  Low  4  to  6  hours.  Serve  over  rice,  toast  or  buttered 
noodles. 


Chicken  Livers 


Chinese  Country  Ribs 


2  cups  Ketchup 

2  tablespoons  Honey 

2  tablespoons  White  Vinegar 

2  tablespoons  Soy  sauce 

1/4  teaspoon  Five  spice  powder,  (opt.) 

1  small  Onion:  finely  chopped 

2  teaspoons  Fresh  ginger,  minced 
1  Garlic  clove,  minced 

1  teaspoon  Cornstarch,  dissolved  in  1  Teaspoon  cold  water 
4  pounds  Country  ribs:,  cut  into  individual 
Hot  cooked  rice 

In  a  3-1/2  quart  slow  cooker,  combine  ketchup,  honey,  vinegar,  soy  sauce, 
five-spice  powder,  onion,  ginger  and  garlic.  Position  a  broiler  rack  6 
inches  from  the  saurce  of  the  heat  and  preheat  the  broiler.  Broil  the  ribs, 
turning  once,  until  browned.  About  10  minutes.  Transfer  the  ribs  to  the  slow 
cooker.  Stir  to  coat  the  ribs  with  the  sauce.  Cover  and  slow  cook  until  ribs 
are  tender,  5-6  hours  on  LOW.  Transfer  the  ribs  to  a  platter  and  cover  with 
aluminum  foil  to  keep  warm.  Skim  the  fat  from  the  surface  of  the  sauce.  In  a 
medium  saucepan  bring  the  sauce  to  a  simmer  over  a  medium  heat.  Cook  until 
reduced  to  about  1  cup.  (6-8  minutes)  Stir  in  the  cornstarch  mixture  and 
cook  just  until  thickened.  Pour  the  sauce  over  ribs  and  serve  immeadiately 
with  hot  cooked  rice. 


Chinese  Country  Ribs 


Coca-Cola  Pot  Roast 


3  pounds  Beef 

2  tablespoons  Oil 

1  can  Tomatoes 

1  cup  Coca-Cola 

1  each  Onions,  chopped 

1  package  Spaghetti  sauce  mix 

1-1/2  teaspoons  Salt 

1/2  teaspoon  Garlic  salt 

Brown  meat  in  oil  for  ten  minutes  on  each  side;  remove  to  crockpot.  Drain 
fat.  Break  up  tomatoes  in  their  juice;  add  remaining  ingredients,  stirring 
until  spaghetti  sauce  mix  is  dissolved.  Pour  over  meat.  Cover;  simmer  until 
meat  is  tender.  Thicken  gravy;  serve  over  sliced  meat. 


Coca-Cola  Pot  Roast 


Corned  Beef  And  Cabbage 

2  medium  Onions,  sliced 

2  1/2  pounds  Corned  beef  brisket 

1  cup  Apple  juice 

1/4  cup  Brown  sugar,  packed 

2  teaspoons  Orange  peel,  finely  shredded 
2  teaspoons  Prepared  mustard 

6  Whole  cloves 
6  Cabbage  wedges 

Place  onions  in  crockpot.  Trim  away  any  fat  that  might  be  present  on  the 
brisket.  If  needed,  cut  brisket  to  fit  into  crockpot;  place  on  top  of 
onions.  In  a  bowl,  combine  apple  juice,  sugar,  orange  peel,  mustard,  and 
cloves;  pour  over  brisket.  Place  cabbage  on  top  of  brisket.  Cover;  cook  on 
low  setting  for  10  to  12  hours  or  high  setting  for  5  -  6  hours. 


Corned  Beef  And  Cabbage 


Crockpot  Corn 


1  large  Bag  frozen  corn 
8  ounces  Pkg.  cream  cheese 
1  Stick  margarine 
Salt  and  pepper  to  taste 

Melt  cream  cheese  and  margarine  in  microwave.  Spray  crockpot  with  vegetable 
spray.  Put  melted  cream  cheese  and  margarine  in  crockpot.  Add  corn,  salt  and 
pepper.  Cook  in  crockpot  for  two  hours  on  low. 


Crockpot  Corn 


Enchiladas 


1  pound  Hamburger 

1  Onion,  chopped 

4  1/2  ounces  Can  chopped  chilies 

1  can  Mild  enchilada  sauce 

10  1/2  ounces  Golden  mushroom  soup 

10  1/2  ounces  Cheddar  cheese  soup 

10  1/2  ounces  Cream  of  mushroom  soup 

10  1/2  ounces  Cream  of  celery  soup 

1  package  tortilla  chips 

Brown  hamburger  and  chopped  onion,  pour  off  grease.  Put  all  ingredients  in 
crock  pot  except  Doritos  chips.  Mix  and  cook  low  4  to  6  hours.  Last  15 
minutes  before  you  are  ready  to  eat,  add  tortilla  chips  and  stir. 


Enchiladas  10 


Fall  Lamb  And  Vegetable  Stew 

2  pounds  Lamb  stew  meat 

2  Tomatoes 

1  Summer  squash 

1  Zucchini 

1  Potatoes 

1  can  Mushrooms,  sliced 

1/2  cup  Bell  peppers,  chopped 

1  cup  Onions,  chopped 

2  teaspoons  Salt 

1  each  Garlic  cloves,  crushed 
1/2  teaspoon  Thyme  leaves 

1  each  Bay  leaves 

2  cups  Stock,  chicken 
2  tablespoons  Butter 
2  tablespoons  Flour 

Peel,  seed,  and  chop  tomatoes.  Slice  summer  squash  and  zucchini.  Dice 
potatoes.  Place  lamb  and  vegetables  in  crockpot.  Mix  salt,  garlic,  thyme, 
and  bay  leaf  into  stock;  pour  over  lamb  and  vegetables.  Cover  and  cook  on 
low  8  hours.  (Don't  peek.  Lifting  the  lid  prolongs  cooking  time.)  Turn  to 
high.  Blend  flour  and  butter,  then  shape  into  small  balls.  Drop  into  stew 
and  cook,  stirring  several  times,  until  thickened.  Serve  over  hot  noodles  or 
rice. 


Fall  Lamb  And  Vegetable  Stew  1 1 


French  Onion  Beef 


1  1/4  pounds  Boneless  beef  round  steak 
1  package  (8  oz)  fresh  sliced  mushrooms 
1  large  Onion  sliced  into  rings 
1  can  French  onion  soup  condensed 
1  package  15  minute  herb  stuffing  mix 
1/4  cup  Margarine  or  butter,  melted 
4  ounces  Shredded  mozzarella  cheese 

Cut  beef  into  6  serving-size  pieces.  Layer  half  of  the  beef,  mushrooms  and 
onion  in  3  1/2  to  4-quart  slow  cooker;  repeat  layers.  Pour  soup  over 
ingredients  in  slow  cooker.  Cover;  cook  on  low  setting  for  8  to  10  hours  or 
until  beef  is  tender  and  no  longer  pink.  Before  serving,  toss  stuffing  mix 
and  contents  of  seasoning  packet  with  melted  margarine  and  1/2  cup  liquid 
from  pot.  Place  stuffing  on  top  of  contents  in  slow  cooker;  cover.  Increase 
heat  to  high  setting.  Cook  10  minutes  or  until  stuffing  is  fluffy.  Sprinkle 
with  cheese;  cover.  Cook  until  cheese  is  melted. 


French  Onion  Beef  12 


Fresh  Artichokes 


2  large  Fresh  artichokes 
6  cups  -Water,  hot 

4  slices  Lemon,  thin  slices 

1/3  cup  Butter;  or  margarine,  melted 

3  tablespoons  Lemon  juice 
1/4  teaspoon  Seasoned  salt 

With  sharp  knife,  slice  about  1"  off  top  of  each  artichoke;  cut  off  stem 
near  base.  With  scissors,  trim  about  1/2"  off  top  of  each  leaf.  With  sharp 
knife,  halve  each  artichoke  vertically;  then  scoop  out  and  discard  the  fuzzy 
center  or  choke.  Place  artichoke  halves  in  slowcooker;  add  hot  water  and 
lemon  slices.  Cover  and  cook  on  HIGH  4  to  5  hrs.  or  until  done.  Drain; 
serve  with  sauce.  Lemon  butter  sauce  -  combine  all  ingredients. 


Fresh  Artichokes  13 


Ham  And  Scalloped  Potatoes 

8  slices  Of  ham 

10  medium  Potatoes,  thinly  sliced 

1  cup  Grated  Cheddar 

2  Onions,  thinly  sliced 

1  can  Cream  of  mushroom  soup 

Paprika 

Salt  and  pepper  to  taste 

Toss  sliced  potatoes  in  1/2  teaspoon  cream  of  tartar  and  1  cup  water.  Drain. 
Put  half  of  ham,  potatoes,  and  onions  in  crockpot.  Sprinkle  with  salt  and 
pepper,  then  grated  cheese.  Repeat  with  remaining  half.  Spoon  undiluted  soup 
over  top.  Sprinkle  with  paprika.  Cover  and  cook  on  low  8  to  10  hours.  (High: 
4  hours). 


Ham  And  Scalloped  Potatoes  14 


Hawaiian  Chicken  Breasts 

4  Green  onions 

3  Tablespoons  Butter 

4  Chicken  breast  halves 
Flour  seasoned  with 
salt  and  pepper 

1  Can  sliced  pineapple,  (14  Ounces) 

1  Avocado 

Rice;  hot,  buttered 

Chop  onions  using  only  1"  of  green  tops.  Saute  in  1  T  of  butter  until 
glazed.  Transfer  to  crock  pot.  Coat  chicken  breasts  in  seasoned  flour.  Saute 
in  butter  until  brown  on  both  sides.  Transfer  to  crock  pot.  Drain  pineapple. 
Pour  juice  over  chicken.  Cover  and  cook  on  low  3-4  hours  (high  1  1/2-2 
hours)  or  until  breasts  are  tender.  Saute  pineapple  slices  in  butter  until 
golden.  Place  on  heated  plater.  Top  each  with  a  chicken  breast.  Slice 
avocado  into  8  lengthwise  strips.  Place  2  strips  on  each  chicken  breast. 
Serve  pan  drippings  over  rice. 


Hawaiian  Chicken  Breasts  15 


Home-Style  Bread  Pudding 

2  Eggs,  slightly  beaten 
2  1/4  Cup  Milk 

1  Teaspoon  Vanilla 

1/2  Teaspoon  Cinnamon 
1/4  Teaspoon  Salt 

2  Cup  1-inch  bread  cubes 
1/2  Cup  Brown  sugar 

1/2  Cup  Raisins  or  chopped  dates 

In  medium  mixing  bowl,  combine  eggs  with  milk,  vanilla,  cinnamon,  salt, 
bread,  sugar,  and  raisins  or  dates.  Pour  into  1  1/2-qt.  baking  dish.  Place 
metal  trivet  or  rack  in  bottom  of  crockpot.  Add  1/2  cup  hot  water.  Set 
baking  dish  on  trivet.  Cover  pot;  cook  on  high  for  about  2  hours.  Serve 
pudding  warm  or  cool. 


Home-Style  Bread  Pudding  16 


Hungarian  Goulash 


2  Pounds  Round  steaks,  cut  in  1/2"  -  cubes 
1  Cup  Chopped  onion 

1  Clove  garlic,  minced 

2  Tablespoon  Flour 
1  Teaspoon  Salt 

1/2  Teaspoon  Pepper 

1-1/2  Teaspoon  Paprika 

1/4  Teaspoon  Dried  thyme,  crushed 

1  (14  1/2  oz)  can  tomatoes 

1  Cup  Sour  cream 

Noodles 

Put  steak  cubes,  onion,  garlic  in  crockpot.  Stir  in  flour  and  mix  to 
coat  steak  cubes.  Add  all  remaining  ingredients  except  sour  cream.  Stir 
well.  Cover  and  cook  on  Low  8-10  hours  Add  sour  cream  30  minutes  before 
serving,  and  stir  in  thoroughly.  (High:  4-5  hours,  stirring  occasionally.) 
Serve  over  hot  buttered  noodles. 


Hungarian  Goulash  17 


Italian  Chicken 


1  frying  chicken,  cut  into  pieces 

1  teaspoon  seasoned  salt 
1/4  cup  flour 

1/2  teaspoon  salt 
1/8  teaspoon  pepper 

2  tablespoons  Parmesan  cheese,  grated 
1/2  cup  chicken  stock 

1  can  mushrooms,  drained 

1/2  teaspoon  paprika 

zucchini,  sliced  into  medium  pieces 

freshly  ground  black  pepper 

parsley  to  garnish 

Sprinkle  chicken  with  seasoned  salt.  Combine  flour,  salt,  pepper,  cheese, 
and  paprika.  Coat  chicken  pieces  with  mixture.  Place  zucchini  in  bottom  of 
Crockpot.  Pour  stock  over  zucchini.  Arrange  chicken  on  top.  Cover  and  cook 
on  low  for  6  to  8  hours  or  until  tender.  Turn  control  to  high,  add 
mushrooms,  cover,  and  cook  on  high  for  another  10-15  minutes.  Garnish 
with  freshly  ground  black  pepper  and  parsley. 


Italian  Chicken  18 


Lemon  Roast  Chicken 


Chicken  whole 
1  dash  Salt 
1  dash  Pepper 

1  teaspoon  Oregano 

2  Cloves  minced  garlic 

2  tablespoons  Butter 
1/4  cup  Water 

3  tablespoons  Lemon  juice 

Wash  chicken,pat  dry,  season  with  salt  and  pepper.  Sprinkle  1/2  oregano  and 
garlic  inside  cavity.  Melt  butter  in  large  frying  pan.  Brown  chicken  on  all 
sides.  Transfer  to  crock  pot.  Sprinkle  with  oregano  and  garlic.  Add  water  to 
fry  pan,  stir  to  loosen  brown  bits.  Pour  into  crock  pot.  Cover.  Cook  on  LOW 
8  hours.  Add  lemon  juice  in  the  last  hour  of  cooking.  Transfer  chicken  to 
cutting  board.  Skim  fat.  Pour  juice  into  sauce  bowl.  Carve  bird.  Serve  with 
some  juice  spooned  over  chicken. 


Lemon  Roast  Chicken  19 


Marinated  Beef  Pot  Roast 


3  pounds  roast,  trimmed 

2  tablespoons  oil 

Flour  and  water  paste,  optional 
1  cup  tomato  juice 

3  tablespoons  mustard,  prepared 

4  tablespoons  Worcestershire  sauce 
1  teaspoon  basil 

1  teaspoon  oregano 

1  teaspoon  onion  powder 

1  teaspoon  garlic  salt 

1/4  teaspoon  fresh  ground  black  pepper 

Combine  marinade  ingredients  and  pour  over  roast  in  a  shallow  bowl.  Cover 
and  refrigerate  overnight  or  for  24  hrs.  Remove  meat  from  marinade  and  pat 
dry  with  paper  towels.  Heat  oil  in  large  skillet  and  brown  meat  on  all 
sides.  Place  in  cooker.  Cover  and  cook  on  LOW  8-10  hrs.  serve  with 
accumulated  gravy.  (This  may  be  thickened  in  a  saucepan  with  flour 
and  water  paste  if  you  wish.) 


Marinated  Beef  Pot  Roast  20 


Meatloaf 

1/2  cup  whole  milk 
2  white  bread  slices 
1-1/2  pounds  ground  beef 
2  eggs 

1  small  onion,  peeled 
1-1/2  teaspoons  salt 
1/2  teaspoon  pepper 
1  teaspoon  dry  mustard 
12  ounces  tomatoes,  whole 

Place  the  milk  and  the  bread  in  a  large  mixing  bowl,  and  let  stand  until  the 
bread  has  adsorbed  all  the  milk.  With  two  forks,  break  the  bread  into 
crumbs.  Beat  the  ground  beef  into  the  crumbs  until  well  mixed,  make  a  hollow 
in  the  center  of  the  meat  and  break  the  eggs  into  it.  Beat  the  eggs  a 
little;  then  grate  the  onions  into  the  eggs.  Add  salt,  pepper  and  mustard. 
Beat  the  eggs  into  the  beef.  Shape  into  a  round  cake  and  place  in  the  slow 
cooker.  Drain  the  tomatoes,  and  place  them  on  the  meat.  Cover  and  cook  on 
Low  for  5  to  7  hours.  Before  serving,  uncover  the  pot;  turn  the  heat  to 
High,  and  bubble  away  some  of  the  sauce.  It  should  be  thick,  not  thin. 


Meatloaf  21 


New  England  Boiled  Dinner 

3  pounds  Corned  beef 

6  Carrots,  cut  in  half  Lengthwise 

6  Potatoes,  cut  in  half  Lengthwise 

1  medium  Size  head  of  cabbage 

3  cups  Water 

6  Turnips,  cut  in  quarters 

Place  corned  beef  and  water  in  Crock  Pot  Cooker.Cover.  Set  on  high.  When 
steaming  vigorously,set  to  medium  and  continue  cooking  2  1/2  hours.  Remove 
meat  from  cooker.Put  potatoes,  turnips,carrots  and  cabbage  in  Cooker.  Place 
meat  on  top  of  vegetables.  Cover  and  when  mixture  is  steaming  briskly,  set  to 
medium.  Cook  for  45  minutes.  Ham  may  be  used  in  place  of  corned  beef,  if  desired. 


New  England  Boiled  Dinner  22 


Potato  Stuffed  Cabbage 


1  head  cabbage 

5  pounds  potatoes,  peeled 

2  onions 

1/2  cup  rice,  raw 

1  teaspoon  dried  dill  weed 

1/4  teaspoon  black  pepper,  ground 

2  egg  whites 

28  ounces  tomatoes 

1  apple,  peeled  and  sliced 

1/4  teaspoon  ground  ginger 

Parboil  cabbage  and  separate  the  leaves.  Slice  off  part  of  the  heavy  stalk 
of  each  leaf  by  slicing  parallel  to  the  leaf  (do  not  cut  into  the  leaf). 
Grate  potatoes,  small  inner  leaves  of  cabbage,  and  one  of  the  onions.  Mix 
together.  Add  rice,  dill,  and  black  pepper.  Beat  egg  whites  until  frothy  and 
add  to  potato  mixture.  Set  aside  two  or  three  of  the  largest  leaves.  Fill 
each  remaining  cabbage  leaf  with  approximately  2  tablespoon  of  the  potato 
mixture.  Fold  up  bottom  of  leaf,  then  fold  in  the  sides,  and  roll  up.  Secure 
with  toothpick  if  necessary.  Slice  the  reserved  leaves  and  line  the  bottom 
of  crock  pot  with  them.  Slice  second  onion  and  layer  on  top  of  cabbage.  Add 
tomatoes,  apple,  and  ginger.  Place  rolled  stuffed  cabbages  into  pot.  Cook  at 
low  heat  for  4  to  5  hours. 


Potato  Stuffed  Cabbage  23 


Savory  Swiss  Steak 


1-1/2  pounds  Round  steak 

1/4  cup  Flour 

2  teaspoons  Dry  mustard 

1  teaspoon  Salt 

1/4  teaspoon  Pepper 

2  tablespoons  Butter 
2  tablespoons  Oil 

1  Onion,  finely  chopped 

2  Carrots,  peeled  and  grated 

2  Stalks  celery,  finely  chopped 

1  can  (16  oz)  tomatoes 

2  tablespoons  Worcestershire  sauce 
1  tablespoon  Brown  sugar 

Cut  steak  into  6  serving-size  portions.  Coat  with  a  mixture  of  flour, 
mustard,  salt  and  pepper.  Using  a  large  frying  pan,  brown  meat  in  half  the 
butter  and  oil.  Transfer  to  crockpot.  Heat  remaining  butter  and  oil  in 
frying  pan.  Saute  onions,  carrots  and  celery  until  glazed.  Add  tomatoes, 
Worcestershire  and  brown  sugar.  Heat,  scraping  up  drippings.  Pour  over  meat. 
Cover.  Cook  on  low,  6  to  8  hours,  or  until  tender.  Serve  meat  with  sauce 
spooned  over.  Sprinkle  with  parsley. 


Savory  Swiss  Steak  24 


Slow  Cook  Jambalaya 


1  Bell  pepper,  chopped 

1  Onion,  chopped 

2  Medium  tomatoes,  chopped 
1  cup  Chopped  celery 

1  Clove  garlic,  crushed 

2  tablespoons  Minced  parsley 

2  teaspoons  Chopped  thyme  leaves 
2  teaspoons  Oregano  leaves,  chopped 
1/8  teaspoon  Cayenne 
1/2  teaspoon  Salt 

4  ounces  Smoked  sausage,  chopped 
8  ounces  Chicken  breast,  chopped 
2  cups  Beef  broth  or  bouillon 
1/2  pound  Cooked  shelled  shrimp 
1  cup  Cooked  rice 

Shell  shrimp,  halve  lengthwise.  In  slow  cooker,combine  all  ingred.  except 
shrimp  &  rice.  Cover  &  cook  on  low  9-10  hours.  Turn  slow  cooker  on  high, 
add  cooked  shrimp  &  cooked  rice.  Cover;  cook  on  high  20-30  minutes. 


Slow  Cook  Jambalaya  25 


Super  Easy  Crockpot  Roast 

1  beef  roast,  any  kind 

1  package  dried  brown  gravy  mix 

1  package  dried  Italian  salad  dressingmix 

1  package  dried  ranch  dressing  mix 

1/2  cup  water 

Place  beef  roast  in  crockpot.  Combine  the  driedmixes  together  in  a 
bowl  and  sprinkle  over  the  roast.  Pour  the  wateraround  the  roast. 
Cook  on  low  for  7-9  hours. 


Super  Easy  Crockpot  Roast  26 


Sweet  &  Sour  Chicken 


1  each  Carrot,  cut  in  pieces 

1  each  Green  pepper,  cut  in  pieces 

1  each  Onion,  quartered 

2  tablespoons  Tapioca,  quick-cooking 
4  each  chicken  breast,  cut 

8  ounces  pineapple  chunks  in  juice,  canned  un 
1/3  cup  Dark  brown  sugar,  firmly  pa 
1/3  cup  Red  wine  vinegar 
1  tablespoon  Soy  sauce 

1  teaspoon  Chicken  bouillon,  instant  g 
1/2  teaspoon  Garlic  powder 

2  tablespoons  ginger  root,  minced 
1  teaspoon  cilantro,  dried 

Fresh  cilantro 
Rice,  hot  cooked 

Put  vegetables. in  bottom  of  crockpot.  Sprinkle  tapioca  over  vegetables. 
Place  chicken  on  top  of  vegetables.  Combine  all  other  ingredients  except  rice 
in  a  small  bowl.  Pour  over  chicken.  Cover  crockpot  and  turn  to  low  and 
cook  for  8-10  hours.  Before  serving  make  rice.  Serve  over  rice.  Leftovers 
can  be  reheated  in  microwave. 


Sweet  &  Sour  Chicken  27 


