Spicy  Recipes  -  Ebook  -  come2india.org 


v.  \ 


Spicy  Recipes 

You  are  what  you  eat 
Try  out  these  delicious  recipes  gleaned  from  across  the  vast  subcontinent  -  India,  using  the  fabled  spices  of 

the  East. 


©2001-  come2india.org.  All  rights  reserved 


Spicy  Recipes  -  Ebook  -  come2india.org 


In  the  following  pages  you  will  find  some  of  my  favourite  recipes  gleaned  from  across  the  Indian  subcontinent. 
As  is  common  with  other  Asian  cuisine,  the  key  to  a  scrumptious  meal  is  fresh  ingredients  and  a  sense  of 
proportion. 


©2001-  come2india.org.  All  rights  reserved 


Spicy  Recipes  -  Ebook  -  come2india.org 

Key  Ingredients 

|   he  collection  of  recipes  in  this  group  uses  mostly  Indian  spices  amongst  other  things,  for  I  strongly  feel  that  "Spice  is  the  essence  of  Life".  Apart  from  a 

declared  tendency  to  use  all  the  available  spices,  I  espouse  the  cause  of  Red  Hot  Chilies, almost  in  all  my  preparations, except  in  coffee.They  make  your  roof 
tingle  and  the  capsaicin  (the  key  ingredient)  peps  you  up. 

|^  hilies  add  colour  to  the  dish  other  than  being  hot.  Ground  red  chilies  are  used  to  flavour  meat  and  gravies  whilst  green  chilies  season  chutneys  and  fried 
items.  Chilies  can  be  hot  regardless  of  their  colour.  Capsicum  or  the  green  bell  pepper,  always  milder  in  taste,  adds  texture. 


G 


aram  masala  ( literally  hot  spice  in  Hindi )  is  akin  to  allspice  powder.  It  is  a  mixture  of  ground  spices  useful  to  season  almost  any  Indian  dish.  It  is  best  to 


get  the  spices  fresh  and  roast  them  before  grinding.  Will  keep  for  about  3  months  in  an  air-tight  jar.  Spices  can  bring  the  best  out  of  any  ingredient  and  the 
aroma  can  whip  up  a  healthy  appetite  in  the  entire  vicinity.  The  ancient  Indians  believed  that  a  good  food  should  appeal  to  all  the  senses.  It  is  all  a  matter  of 
proportion  -  the  right  texture,  colour,  aroma  and  taste  ... 

Contrary  to  popular  belief,"spicy"  food  does  not  result  in  Ulcers.  Ginger,  for  example,  is  used  in  eastern  medicine  as  a  "cure-all"  for  various  ailments  including 
Headaches  to  rejuvenation  of  the  body.  In  the  folk  lore, Ginger  is  praised  as  a  restorative  and  as  an  aphrodisiac.  This  pungent  tasting  root  aids  digestion.  This 
root  ingredient,  a  close  "relative"  of  Chinese  ginseng,  aids  digestion.  Similarly,  Turmeric  is  used  widely  as  a  preservative,  taste  enhancer  (in  lieu  of  MSG  to 
avoid  the  "Chinese  Restaurant  syndrome" )  and  a  food  additive.  This  ingredient  figures  prominently  in  the  traditional  eastern  medicine. 

©2001-  come2india.org.  All  rights  reserved  ! 


Spiced  Beef  with  MushrocSpicy  Recipes  -  Ebook  -  come2india.org 

Spiced  Beef  with  Mushroom 

Requirements: 


Beef  500  gm,cut  into  bite  sized  pieces 

button  mushroom  200  gm, 

small  onions  10 

peas  100  gm 

black  pepper, freshly  ground,  2  tbls 

chili  powder  1  tbls 

garlic,  30  flakes, crushed 

Tomato  6 

clove  4 

bay  leaf  3 

cinnamon  4 

Chinese  parsley  (Cilantro)  1  cup 

salt  2  teaspoon 

green  onion  2 

green  chili  4 

ginger  1  inch  piece 

Method  : 

Grind  5  onions  with  about  15  flakes  of  garlic,pepper,salt  and  green  chilies,add  chili  powder  to  this. Marinate  beef  in  this  for  over  2  hours  in  normal 
temperature.ln  a  wok.add  oil  and  fry  the  remaining  garlic  and  onion, add  the  spices  and  after  a  few  minutes.add  the  beef  with  its  sauce.cover  the  wok.Grind  the 
tomatoes  and  after  some  time  ,add  it  to  the  beef.Pour  little  oil  into  another  wok,add  onions.chopped  green  onions.ground  ginger  and  fry  .Add  quartered 
mushroom  into  this  wok  and  fry  till  mushroom  reduces  in  volume  by  little. Meanwhile  the  first  wok.with  beef  must  have  cooked  for  atleast  20  minutes,  and  the 
sauce  must  have  reduced  to  half.Add  the  contents  of  the  second  wok  and  heat  through  for  about  3  minutes. 
Garnish  with  Chinese  parsley.  Serve  hot  with  Nan  or  Bread. 

Serves  4. 


©2001-  come2india.org.  All  rights  reserved 


Spicy  Recipes  -  Ebook  -  come2india.org 
Chicken  Fry 


Ingredients: 

Chicken  500  gms 

Chilly  powder  5  tablespoon 

Cornflour  3  tablespoon 

Maida  flour  2  tablespoon 

Allspice  powder  2  tablespoon 

Garlic  paste  2  tablespoon 

Red  colour  powder,  2  teaspoons 

Chopped  Chinese  parsley,  4tablespoon 

Salt.as  required 

Oil,200  ml 

Method: 

Pressure  cook  the  chicken  for  10  minutes  and  set  aside  the  stock.  Mix  all  the  above  items, except  the  oil, with 
the  chicken  and  marinate  for  atleast  30  minutes. Heat  the  oil  in  a  wok,and  deep  fry  the  chicken  pieces  and 
garnish  it  with  chopped  Chinese  parsley. 

Serves  4. 

©2001-  come2india.org.  All  rights  reserved  ! 


Spicy  Crab  Spicy  Recipes  -  Ebook  -  come2india.org 

Spicy  Crab 

Ingredients: 

Crab  (medium  size)  500  gm 

Black  Pepper  3  teaspoon 

Garlic  2  flakes 

Fenugreek  2  teaspoon 

Onion  big  size  2 

cloves  3 

cinnamon  1  piece 

Tomatoes  4 

Coconut  milk  500  ml 

Coriander  leaves, (Chinese  parsley, Celentra  all  refer  to  this  grand  fragrant  herb)  chopped  2  tablespoons 

Lemon  1 

salt,as  required 

chili  powder  3  teaspoon 

oil 

Method: 

Wash  the  crabs  thoroughly  and  set  aside. Powder  the  fenugreek  seeds  and  grind  the  pepper  with  garlic  to  a 
paste. Grind  the  tomatoes  and  extract  the  juice. Slice  the  onions. Pour  oil  in  a  wok, and  after  the  oil  is  hot, add 
cloves,cinnamon  and  fenugreek  powder. Now  add  garlic  paste  and  stir  for  2  minutes. Add  onions  and  fry  till 
golden  brown  .Add  tomato  extract  and  the  crabs. Mix  well  and  allow  it  to  boil  for  a  few  seconds.  Pour  the 
coconut  milk, salt  and  let  the  crab  cook  in  it.till  the  gravy  dries  out. Garnish  with  coriander  leaves  and  halves  of 
lemon. 

Serves  4. 

©2001-  come2india.org.  All  rights  reserved  ! 


Chicken  Fried  Noodles     Spicy  Recipes  -  Ebook  -  come2india.org 


Chicken  Fried  Noodles 


Requirements: 


chicken  pieces, about  400  gms 

cruciferous  vegetables  50  gms  (broccoli  or  cauliflower) 

Celery,  1 

Green  onion, 1 

Bell  pepper,1 

Noodles,400  gms 

Green  chilies,5 

Eggs,2 

Freshly  ground  pepper,2  tsp., 

Ginger,1  sq.inch 

Garlic,10  flakes.crushed 

Star  aniseed, 1, ground 

Carrot,cut  lengthwise,150  gms 

vegetable  oil,60  ml 

soy  sauce,30  ml 

chicken  broth  150  ml 

Cilantro,1  bunch 

chili  powder  2  tsp. 

Chicken  soup  cubes, 3 

Corn  starch, 50  gm 


Note  : 

Most  of  the  ingredients  mentioned  above  contain  plenty  of  Vitamins,  minerals,  phyto-chemicals  and  anti-oxidants  which  not  only  lower  your  chances  of  cancerbut  also  promote  a  sense  of 
well  being, especially  with  all  those  Red-hot  chilies  inducing  a  flush.... 

Believe  me,when  I  am  down  with  Cold  and  feel  like  running  my  head  under  a  speeding  train,!  prepare  this  concoction  which  leaves  me  refreshed, (phew. .)the  next  day. 

Method: 

Cut  the  chicken  to  bite-size  pieces, coat  them  with  a  little  corn  flour,  and  half  of  soy  sauce, mix  with  chili  powder  and  aniseed  powder. In  a  non-stick  wok.add  1 
tblspn  of  oil  and  pour  the  eggs  and  cook  them  under  low  fire.  When  it  comes  to  eggs  and  prawns.you  need  to  cook  them  under  low  fire  to  preserve  their 
texture  or  they  get  "rubbery". sprinkle  the  scrambled  eggs  with  pepper  and  remove  them  to  a  plate.Add  more  oil  to  the  hot  wok.Add  the  crushed  garlic  and 
crushed  ginger  to  the  oil.Add  the  chopped  green  onions,  chilies  and  chicken  to  the  wok.stirring  all  the  while.  After  a  couple  of  minutes.reduce  the  heat  so  that 
the  chicken  cookes  in  its  juice. Later  add  the  florets  of  cruciferous  vegetables  and  stir  fry  them  for  about  3  minutes.Meanwhile, prepare  Noodles  as  advised  and 
set  aside.Turn  up  the  heat  in  your  wok.Add  the  broth.spiced  with  crushed  soup  cubes  and  soy  sauce. Add  the  remaining  corn  starch  to  add  the  "glaze"  and  stir 
with  chopped  celery  and  scrambled  eggs.  Lastly  mix  them  with  the  prepared  noodles. Garnish  with  cilantro  and  serve  hot. 

Serves  4. 


©2001-  come2india.org.  All  rights  reserved  ! 


Spicy  Recipes  -  Ebook  -  come2india.org 


You  are  what  you  eat ! 

If  I  have  succeeded  in  whetting  your  appetite  for  what  might  well  turn  out  to  be  a  rich  culinary  expedition,  my 
mission  of  spreading  the  rich  tradition  of  Indian  spices  would  be  complete. 

Feel  free  to  come  back  for  more  ! 

www.bestnetcraft.com  -  Fine  crafts  of  the  Net  -  Design  develop  and  deploy  powerful  websites. 

©2001-  come2india.org.  All  rights  reserved  ! 


8 


8 


