Camp  Cobbler 


1  can  Large  sliced  peaches 

1  can  Large  fruit  cocktail 

1  can  Small  crushed  pineapples 

Vi  cup  Instant  tapioca 

%  lb  Margarine 

1  cup  Brown  sugar 

1  pk  Cake  mix 

In  a  12  inch  foil  lined  Dutch  oven,  combine  fruit  and  tapioca.  Sprinkle  cake  mix 
evenly  over  top  of  fruit.  Sprinkle  brown  sugar  over  cake  mix.  Dab  butter  All  over  top 
of  brown  sugar.  Place  lid  on  oven.  Bake  45  minutes  to  one  hour.  USE  six  to  eight 
coals  on  the  bottom,  and  fourteen  to  sixteen  coals  on  the  top.  Cake  is  done  when  top 
is  brown  and  cake  has  absorbed  juices  and  is  no  longer  dry. 

Campfire  Hash 


4  cups  Shredded  dried  hash  brown  potatoes 

2  pk  Onion  soup  mix 

1  Vi  lb  Ground  meat  or  sausage 

Assorted  seasons  to  taste 

1  lg  Pot  with  a  lid 

1  lg  Spoon 

6  oz  Water 

Brown  the  meat  in  the  bottom  of  the  pan.  Break  up  the  meat  as  it  assuring  that  all  the 
meat  is  cooked.  Stir  in  the  water  and  soup  mix  thoroughly.  Heat  to  boiling  and 
simmer  a  few  minutes.  Add  the  dry  potatoes  and  stir  to  mix.  Cover  the  pot  and  move 
to  the  edge  of  the  fire  for  about  ten  minutes  and  allow  the  potatoes  to  absorb  all  the 
liquid.  Move  the  pot  back  on  the  heat  and  stir  while  cooking  the  potatoes,  cook  five  to 
ten  minutes.  Serve  hot. 


Chicken  in  foil 


1  sm  Green  pepper,  chopped 

Vi  sm  Red  pepper,  chopped 

10  Mushrooms,  chopped 

4  lg  Chicken  breasts 

1  cans  Pineapple  slices  (8oz) 

Non-stick  cooking  spray  or  1  tsp  butter 

Garlic  powder,  salt  and  pepper  to  taste 

4  Squares  heavy-duty  foil  (16x16  inches) 

Divide  the  bell  peppers  and  mushrooms  into  4  equal  parts.  Coat  a  small  area  in  the 
center  of  the  foil  with  cooking  spray  or  a  small  amount  of  butter.  Place  a  portion  of 
peppers  and  mushrooms  on  the  greased  area  of  the  foil.  Top  with  a  chicken  breast  and 


a  pineapple  slice.  Season  with  garlic  powder,  salt  and  pepper  to  your  taste. 

Fold  the  foil  securely  and  check  for  leaks.  Place  on  the  coals  for  10  to  15  minutes  per 
side 


Burgers  in  Foil 


1  Package  1  Vi  lb  ground  beef 
4  16-inch  squares  aluminum  foil 
4  Carrots,  sliced 

1  Can  potatoes  16  oz,  sliced 

2  Green  bell  pepper,  chopped 
Dehydrated  onion  flakes 
Worchester  sauce 

Salt  and  pepper  to  taste 

Separate  meat  onto  four  portions.  Place  each  in  the  center  of  a  square  of  aluminum 

foil. 

Top  with  equal  portions  of  chopped  carrots,  potatoes  and  peppers.  Season  with 

dehydrated  onions,  Worchester  sauce  and  salt  and  pepper  to  taste.  Seal  foil,  checking 

for  leaks.  Place  on  hot  coals  for  10  to  15  minutes  per  side. 


Yield  4  servings 


Creole  Skillet 


2  Tb  Margarine. 

1  Md  Onion-  chopped 

Vi  Md  Green  pepper-  chopped 
Vi  C  Celery-chopped 

2  Tb  Flour 

2  Ts  seasoning  salt 
2  Can  Chunky  tuna 
1  M>  Can  Kernel  corn 


Melt  margarine  in  skillet  and  lightly  fry  onion,  pepper  and  celery  until  tender  crisp. 
Add  other  ingredients  and  heat  through.  Serve  with  rice  and  grated  Parmesan  / 
Romano  cheese. 

Yield  4  servings 

Easy  Stroganoff 

2  ts  Butter  or  margarine 


1  en  Cream  of  mushroom  soup 

1  lb  Round  steak,  cut  into  thin  strips 

lA  cup  Water 

Vi  cup  Sour  cream 

Vi  cup  Chopped  onion 

lA  ts  Paprika 


Melt  butter  or  margarine  in  skillet.  Brown  strips  of  round  steak  in  hot  fat.  Add  onions 
and  brown.  Stir  in  soup,  sour  cream  and  paprika.  Cover  and  cook  over  low  heat  about 
45  minutes  or  until  meat  is  tender.  Stir  frequently.  Serve  over  noodles  or  rice 

Yield  4  servings 

Fast  and  Easy 

2Packages  instant  ramen  noodles-oriental  flavor 

2  cups  water 

1  pound  lean  ground  beef 

1  bunch  scallions 

16  oz  frozen  oriental  vegetables 

1 -tablespoon  soy  sauce 

Break  the  Ramen  noodles  into  a  medium  bowl.  Sprinkle  with  just  one  seasoning 
packet.  Cover  with  two  cups  of  boiling  water  and  allow  to  sit  while  you  prepare  the 
remaining  ingredients. 

In  a  large  skillet  or  wok,  brown  ground  beef  over  medium  heat  until  cooked.  Drain. 
Add  the  scallions  and  sprinkle  with  the  contents  of  remaining  seasoning  packet.  Cook 
for  an  additional  minute. 

Add  the  noodles  and  the  water  in  which  they  were  soaking,  frozen  vegetables,  and  the 
soy  sauce.  Cover  and  bring  to  simmer.  Cook  until  the  frozen  vegetables  are  tender, 
about  five  minutes. 

Yield:  4-6  servings 

Quick  Dessert 


Biscuit  mix 
Milk  or  water 
Honey 

Follow  the  directions  on  the  biscuit  box,  using  a  little  less  water  than  called  for.  Twist 
the  dough  around  the  end  of  a  green  stick.  Hold  and  slowly  rotate  over  hot  coals  until 
cooked.  Dip  into  honey  and  enjoy.  Honey  can  be  substituted  with  butter  and  jam  or 
other  favorite  topping. 


Ranch  style  eggs 


10  Eggs 

2  tbs  Vegetable  oil 

1  Small  onion  cut  into  small  wedges 

1  Small  green  pepper  finely  sliced 

2  Cloves  garlic  finely  chopped 
16  oz  Garden  style  salsa 

4  oz  Diced  green  Chile  peppers 
1  Package  flour  tortillas  (optional) 
8  oz  Sliced  Swiss  cheese 


Heat  vegetable  oil  in  large  skillet  over  medium  hot  coals.  Add  onions,  bell  peppers 
and  garlic,  cook,  stirring  occasionally  for  three  to  four  minutes  until  vegetables  are 
tender  crisp.  Add  beaten  eggs  and  chiles,  Cook  stirring  occasionally  until  eggs  are 
firm.  Top  with  slices  of  Swiss  cheese  and  cover  momentarily  until  cheese  melts. 
Serve  with  warm  tortillas.  Substitute  tortillas  for  toast  or  other  favorite  bread. 


Another  grill  favorite 


1  Steak  (your  favorite  cut). 
1/8  lb  blue  cheese  (2  oz). 
1  Tbsp  fresh  lemon  juice. 

Grill  the  steak  to  desired  doneness.  Just  before  the  steak  is  ready,  heat  the  cheese  and 
lemon  juice  together  over  low  heat  to  make  a  sauce.  Place  steak  on  serving  plate,  pour 
sauce  over  top  and  serve  immediately. 


Yield:  1  serving 


For  the  Grill 


1  Can  (10  3A  oz)  Campbell's  Tomato  Soup 

2  tblsp.  Each  packed  brown  sugar,  lemon  juice,  and  vegetable  oil. 
1  tblsp.  Worchester  sauce. 

1  tsp.  Garlic  powder. 

Va  tsp.  Dried  thyme  leaves  crushed. 

1  lA  lb  Boneless  beef  sirloin  steak,  %  "  thick. 


Mix  soup,  sugar,  lemon  juice,  oil,  Worchester,  garlic  and  thyme.  Grill  steak  to  desired 
doneness  (15min.  for  medium)  ,  turning  once  and  brushing  often  with  soup  mixture. 
Heat  remaining  soup  mixture  to  a  boil  and  serve  with  steak. 
Yield:  serves  6 


