The  Creative  Homemaking  Guide  to 


Zucchini  Recipes 


by  Rachel  Paxton 


ABOUT  CREATIVE  HOMEMAKING: 

Visit  Creative  Homemaking  for  all  of  your  homemaking  needs.  Creative  Homemaking  offers  money- 
saving  household  hints,  recipes,  tips  to  organize  your  home,  home  decorating,  crafts,  family  fun,  and 
much  more!    For  more  downloads,  visit  Creative  Homemaking  today.  You  can  view  these  booklets 
online,  download  them  to  your  computer  and  print  them  out,  download  them  and  include  them  on  your 
own  web  site,  and/or  e-mail  them  to  your  friends! 

Available  downloads:  muffins,  quick  breads,  zucchini,  holiday,  crock  pot,  cake,  Jello,  casserole, 
zucchini,  make-it-yourself  household  cleaning  products,  party  games  and  activities  for  kids. 

Looking  for  quick  easy  dinner  ideas?  Receive  our  free  weekly  newsletter  by  sending  a  blank  e-mail 
message  to  FreeRecipes-subscribe@yahoogroups.com  or  by  visiting  our  web  site: 
http  ://w  ww  ■creativehomemaking.com 


Copyright  1998-2001.  Creative  Homemaking. 

All  rights  reserved.  This  booklet  may  be  freely  distributed  in  its  original  form.  No  part  of  this  booklet 
may  be  reproduced  in  any  manner  without  written  permission  from  Creative  Homemaking.  This 
booklet  was  published  by  Creative  Homemaking,  P.O.  Box  4340,  W.  Richland,  WA  99353,  USA. 
E-mail:  rachel@creativehomemaking.com 


Zucchini  Quiche 

4  eggs,  beaten 

3  c.  zucchini,  sliced 

1/2  c.  onion,  chopped 

1/2  c.  cheddar  cheese,  grated 

1  c.  Bisquick 

1/2  teaspoon  oregano 

2  cloves  garlic,  minced 
Salt  and  pepper 


Preheat  oven  to  350  degrees.  In  a  large  bowl,  mix  all  ingredients  together.  Pour  into  a  greased  13x9x2- 
inch  baking  dish.  Bake  for  about  45  minutes,  until  mixture  is  browned. 


Zucchini  Casserole 

2  medium-sized  zucchini,  peeled  and  cut  into  cubes 
2  eggs,  slightly  beaten 
1/4  c.  milk 

1  teaspoon  baking  powder 

2  tbsp.  flour 

2  c.  cheddar  cheese,  grated 
1/2  c.  onion,  chopped 
1/4  c.  green  pepper,  chopped 
2  cloves  garlic,  minced 

Preheat  oven  to  350  degrees.   Steam  or  boil  zucchini  until  almost  tender.  Drain  and  cool.  In  a  medium- 
sized  bowl,  combine  eggs,  milk,  baking  powder,  cheese,  onion,  green  pepper,  and  garlic.   Stir  in  zucchini. 
Bake  in  a  greased  casserole  dish  for  about  30  minutes.  Let  it  sit  for  a  few  minutes  before  serving. 


Zucchini  Recipes  Page  -3-  http://www.creativehomemaking.com 


Baked  Zucchini 

4  medium  zucchini 
1  small  onion,  chopped 

1  garlic  clove,  minced 
1/4  c.  parsley,  chopped 
4  stalks  celery,  chopped 

2  tbsp.  butter 

1  c.  cottage  cheese 

1/4  c.  buttermilk 

1  egg,  beaten 

3/4  teaspoon  oregano 

Salt  and  pepper 

1/2  c.  cheddar  cheese,  grated 

Preheat  oven  to  350  degrees.  In  a  large  skillet,  melt  butter.   Saute  onions,  garlic,  and  celery  until  tender. 
Stir  in  cottage  cheese,  buttermilk,  egg,  salt,  pepper,  oregano,  and  parsley.  Cut  zucchini  in  half  lengthwise. 
Place  zucchini,  cut  side  up,  in  a  greased  baking  dish.  Cover  with  foil  and  bake  for  about  15  minutes. 
Remove  from  oven  and  spread  cottage  cheese  mixture  over  zucchini.  Bake  for  about  15  more  minutes. 
Sprinkle  with  cheddar  cheese. 


Zucchini  Recipes  Page  -4-  http://www.creativehomemaking.com 


Zucchini  &  Pasta  Salad 

1  pound  pasta  of  your  choice 

1/2  c.  olive  oil 

1  medium  zucchini,  diced 

1  medium  yellow  squash,  diced 

1  tomato,  diced 

1  bell  pepper  (any  color),  seeded  and  diced 

2  cloves  garlic,  minced 
Juice  of  2  lemons 

1  tbsp.  dried  dill  weed 
Salt  and  pepper 

Cook  pasta  according  to  manufacturer's  directions.  Drain  pasta  and  rinse  it  with  cold  water.  Place  pasta 
in  a  large  bowl.  Add  1  teaspoon  of  the  olive  oil  to  the  pasta  and  stir  to  coat.  Add  zucchini,  squash, 
tomato,  and  bell  pepper  to  pasta  and  stir.  In  a  medium-sized  bowl,  mix  lemon  juice,  remaining  olive  oil,  dill 
weed,  garlic,  salt,  and  pepper.  Pour  olive  oil  mixture  into  pasta  and  stir  to  mix  well. 


Zucchini  &  M  ushroom  Casserole 

1  pound  zucchini,  peeled  and  cubed 

1  small  onion,  chopped 

2  tbsp.  butter 

4  eggs,  slightly  beaten 
2  c.  cheddar  cheese,  grated 
1/2  pound  mushrooms,  sliced 
1  teaspoon  dried  basil 
Salt  and  pepper 

Preheat  oven  to  325  degrees.  In  a  skillet,  saute  mushrooms  and  onion  in  butter  until  onion  is  soft.   Steam 
zucchini  and  mash  it  coarsely.  In  a  medium-sized  bowl,  combine  zucchini  and  eggs.  Add  mushrooms  and 
onions.  Pour  into  a  greased  casserole  dish  and  bake,  covered,  for  about  30  minutes,  until  eggs  have  set. 


Zucchini  Recipes  Page  -5-  http://www.creativehomemaking.com 


Zucchini  Frittata 

1  large  onion,  chopped 

2  cloves  garlic,  minced 

3  tbsp.  olive  oil 

2  medium  zucchini,  sliced 

Fresh  parsley  and/or  basil,  chopped 

8  eggs,  slightly  beaten 

1/2  c.  Parmesan  cheese,  grated 

Salt  and  pepper 

In  a  large  skillet,  heat  oil.  Cook  onion  and  garlic  until  soft,  about  5  minutes.  Add  zucchini  and  cook  until 
zucchini  is  barely  tender  (10  to  15  minutes).  Remove  skillet  from  heat  and  add  parsley,  basil,  salt,  and 
pepper.  Pour  eggs  over  zucchini  mixture.  Cover  and  cook  over  medium  heat  until  eggs  have  set  (about 
15  minutes).   Sprinkle  with  cheese  and  cook  until  cheese  melts.  Cut  into  wedges. 


Zucchini  &  Pesto  Pasta 

8  oz.  pasta,  uncooked 

1  medium  zucchini,  chopped 

1  c.  pesto 

Cook  pasta  according  to  manufacturer's  directions.  Place  zucchini  in  a  strainer  and  pour  the  pasta  and 
cooking  water  over  the  zucchini  (the  hot  water  will  blanch  the  zucchini).  Drain  zucchini  and  pasta  and 
place  them  in  a  large  bowl.  Add  pesto  and  stir.  Refrigerate. 

Pesto 

2  cloves  garlic,  minced 

3  c.  fresh  basil  leaves,  washed 
1/4  c.  olive  oil 

1/4  c.  vegetable  broth 

1/4  c.  Parmesan  cheese,  grated 

Process  garlic  in  a  food  processor.  Add  basil  leaves  and  pulse  to  chop.  While  motor  is  running,  slowly 
add  olive  oil  and  vegetable  broth  until  mixture  is  smooth.  Add  cheese  and  pulse  a  couple  of  times  to  mix. 


Zucchini  Recipes  Page  -6-  http://www.creativehomemaking.com 


Cream  of  Zucchini  Soup 

3  tbsp.  butter 

1  medium  onion,  finely  chopped 

2  cloves  garlic,  minced 

2  medium-sized  zucchini,  chopped 

4  tbsp.  butter 
4  tbsp.  flour 
4-6  c.  milk 

1  tbsp.  fresh  basil,  chopped 
1/2  teaspoon  fresh  tarragon,  chopped 
1/2  teaspoon  fresh  thyme,  chopped 
Salt  and  pepper 

In  a  large  saucepan,  melt  3  tbsp.  butter.  Add  onion  and  garlic  and  cook  until  lightly  browned.  Add  herbs, 
pepper,  and  salt  and  cook,  stirring,  for  2  to  3  minutes.  Add  zucchini  and  cook  until  tender.  Add  a  little 
water  if  necessary.  In  a  small  saucepan,  melt  4  tbsp.  butter.  Whisk  in  the  flour,  1  tbsp.  at  a  time.  Cook, 
stirring,  for  about  1  minute.   Slowly  add  2  c.  of  the  milk,  stirring  constantly.  Bring  mixture  to  a  boil  and 
then  simmer  to  thicken  (about  5  minutes).   Stir  frequently.  Pour  thickened  milk  over  vegetable  mixture. 
Slowly  add  milk  until  the  desired  consistency  is  reached.   Simmer  for  about  5  minutes. 


Zucchini  &  Yogurt  Sauce 

2  medium  zucchini,  grated 

2  tbsp.  water 

1/2  c.  plain  yogurt 

1  garlic  clove,  minced 

2  teaspoons  fresh  dill,  chopped 
1  teaspoon  white  wine  vinegar 
1  tbsp.  olive  oil 

Heat  the  water  in  a  large  skillet.  Add  zucchini  and  cook  for  about  5  minutes,  stirring  occasionally.  In  a 
small  bowl,  mix  the  rest  of  the  ingredients.  Add  yogurt  mixture  to  the  zucchini  in  the  skillet.  Cook  until 
heated  through. 


Zucchini  Recipes  Page  -7-  http://www.creativehomemaking.com 


Zucchini  &  Tomato  Casserole 

2  medium  zucchini,  cubed 
1  tbsp.  fresh  chives,  chopped 

1  teaspoon  butter,  melted 

2  large  tomatoes,  finely  chopped 
1  teaspoon  fresh  basil,  chopped 
1/2  c.  cheddar  cheese,  grated 
Salt  and  pepper 

Preheat  oven  to  350  degrees.  Steam  zucchini  until  barely  tender.  Arrange  zucchini  in  the  bottom  of  a 
casserole  dish.  Stir  salt,  pepper,  and  chives  into  butter  and  pour  over  zucchini.  Cover  with  tomatoes  and 
sprinkle  with  basil  and  cheddar  cheese.  Bake,  uncovered,  for  about  30  minutes. 


Zucchini  Slices 

1/4  c.  olive  oil 

4  medium  zucchini,  sliced 

1  lemon 

Parmesan  cheese  (optional) 

Heat  the  olive  oil  in  a  skillet.  When  the  oil  is  hot,  place  the  zucchini  slices  in  the  skillet  so  they  are  not 
touching  each  other.  Lightly  brown  both  sides  of  the  zucchini  slices.  Remove  the  zucchini  slices  from  the 
skillet  and  place  them  on  paper  towels  to  drain  off  the  oil.   Squeeze  some  lemon  juice  on  the  zucchini,  and 
sprinkle  with  Parmesan  cheese,  if  desired. 


Zucchini  &  Sun-Dried  Tomatoes 

3  tbsp.  olive  oil 

3  large  cloves  garlic,  minced 

3  large  sun-dried  tomatoes  (packed  in  oil),  chopped 

1  medium  zucchini,  chopped 

1  medium  tomato,  chopped 

1/4  c.  white  wine 

1/4  c.  mozzarella  cheese,  grated 

Salt  and  pepper 

In  a  large  skillet,  heat  oil.  Add  garlic  and  sun-dried  tomatoes  and  cook  for  about  5  minutes.  Add  zucchini 
and  tomatoes  and  cook  for  5  more  minutes.  Add  wine,  salt,  and  pepper.  Simmer  until  zucchini  is  barely 
tender  (about  5  minutes).  Add  cheese  and  cook  until  cheese  melts. 


Zucchini  Recipes  Page  -8-  http://www.creativehomemaking.com 


Kidney  Bean  &  Zucchini  Soup 

4  quarts  water 

1  pound  kidney  beans 
1/2  c.  olive  oil 

10  cloves  garlic,  minced 

2  medium  zucchini,  peeled  and  cubed 
1  c.  fresh  parsley,  chopped 

1/2  teaspoon  dried  basil 
Salt  and  pepper 

In  a  large  saucepan,  bring  the  water  to  a  boil.  Add  the  beans  and  cook  over  medium  heat,  uncovered,  for 
about  1  1/2  hours,  until  beans  are  tender.  In  a  large  skillet,  heat  olive  oil.  Add  garlic  and  cook  until  garlic 
is  soft  (about  5  minutes).  Add  zucchini,  parsley,  basil,  salt,  and  pepper.  Cook,  stirring  frequently,  over 
low  heat  until  zucchini  is  soft  (about  15  minutes).  Add  zucchini  mixture  to  beans  and  stir  well.   Simmer, 
uncovered,  for  about  45  minutes,  until  zucchini  and  beans  are  soft. 


Zucchini  with  Herbs 

2-3  medium  zucchini,  peeled  and  sliced 

3  cloves  garlic,  minced 

Basil 

Parsley 

Olive  oil 

1  medium  tomato,  chopped  (optional) 

Parmesan  cheese 

Steam  zucchini  until  soft.  Mash  zucchini  in  a  bowl  until  it  is  the  consistency  of  mashed  potatoes.  Add 
garlic  and  basil.   Stir  in  parsley,  olive  oil,  tomatoes,  and  cheese.   Serve  warm  or  cold. 


Zucchini  Recipes  Page  -9-  http ://www  .creativehomemaking  .com 


Stuffed  Zucchini 

5  medium  zucchini 

1/4  brown  rice,  uncooked 

1/2  c.  boiling  water 

1  small  onion,  chopped,  chopped  finely 

1  clove  garlic,  minced 

1/2  c.  parsley,  chopped  finely 

1/4  c.  olive  oil 

1/2  c.  bread  crumbs 

1  lemon 

1  egg,  separated 

1  c.  mushrooms,  chopped  finely  (optional) 

1/2  c.  cheddar  cheese,  grated 

Salt  and  pepper 

Hollow  out  zucchini  with  a  spoon.  After  scooping  out  zucchini,  chop  remaining  insides  into  small  pieces. 
In  a  medium-sized  saucepan,  cook  rice  with  water,  onion,  garlic,  salt,  pepper,  and  oil  for  about  15  minutes. 
Add  chopped  zucchini  and  cook  5  more  minutes.  Add  bread  crumbs,  parsley,  juice  from  the  lemon,  the 
egg  white,  mushrooms,  and  cheese.  Preheat  oven  to  350  degrees.  Place  filling  into  zucchini  shells. 
Arrange  the  zucchini  in  a  baking  dish.   Spread  extra  filling  around  the  shells  in  the  bottom  of  the  pan. 
Cover  with  foil  and  bake  about  40  minutes. 


Vegetable  Sauce 

1/4  c.  olive  oil 

3  cloves  garlic,  minced 

2  medium  zucchini,  chopped 

1  small  onion,  chopped 
1/4  c.  parsley,  chopped 

2  (28-oz.)  cans  whole,  peeled  tomatoes 
1/4  c.  fresh  basil,  chopped 

Salt  and  pepper 

In  a  large  saucepan,  heat  olive  oil.  Add  garlic,  onion,  and  zucchini.  Cook,  stirring,  for  about  5  minutes. 
Add  parsley,  tomatoes,  basil,  salt,  and  pepper.  Break  tomatoes  apart  with  a  spoon.  Cook  over  medium 
heat,  simmering,  for  about  25  minutes.   Stir  frequently. 
Serve  over  pasta. 


Zucchini  Recipes  Page -10-  http://www.creativehomemaking.com 


Zucchini  &  Potatoes 

5  medium  zucchini,  peeled  and  cubed 
2  medium  potatoes,  peeled  and  cubed 

1  clove  garlic,  minced 

1/2  c.  chopped  green  onions 
1/2  teaspoon  basil 

2  tbsp.  olive  oil 

2  medium  tomatoes,  chopped 
Salt 

In  a  large  skillet,  heat  oil.   Saute  onions,  garlic,  and  basil.  Add  zucchini,  potatoes,  and  tomatoes.   Stir  and 
cook  until  vegetables  are  tender.   Sprinkle  with  salt. 


Zucchini  &  Rice  Casserole 

3  tbsp.  olive  oil 

5  or  6  fresh  basil  leaves,  chopped 
2  cloves  garlic,  minced 

1  medium  onion,  chopped 

2  c.  brown  rice,  cooked 

2  medium  zucchini,  sliced 
1/4  c.  bread  crumbs 

4  oz.  monterey  jack  cheese,  grated 
Salt  and  pepper 

Preheat  oven  to  375  degrees.  In  a  medium-sized  bowl,  combine  olive  oil,  salt,  pepper,  basil,  and  garlic. 
Spread  the  rice  in  the  bottom  of  a  13x9x2-inch  baking  dish.  Arrange  half  of  the  zucchini  on  top  of  the 
rice.   Sprinkle  with  bread  crumbs  and  cheese.   Spoon  some  of  the  sauce  on  next.   Sprinkle  with  the 
chopped  onion.  Add  a  layer  of  the  remaining  zucchini  slices.  Top  with  remaining  sauce.  Bake, 
uncovered,  until  vegetables  are  tender  (about  1  1/2  hours). 


D  i  I  led  Zucchini 

2  tbsp.  olive  oil 

1  c.  green  onions,  chopped 

1  clove  garlic,  minced 

4  c.  zucchini,  cut  into  1/2-inch  slices 

Salt  and  pepper 

Dill 

In  a  large  skillet,  heat  oil.  Cook  onion  and  garlic  until  onion  is  soft.  Add  zucchini.  Sprinkle  salt,  pepper, 
and  dill  on  top.  Cover  and  cook  until  zucchini  is  barely  tender. 


Zucchini  Recipes  Page -11-  http://www.creativehomemaking.com 


Vegetable  Burritos 

2  medium  zucchini,  sliced 

2  small  yellow  squash,  sliced 

1  large  bell  pepper  (any  color),  chopped 
1  large  tomato,  chopped 
1  small  onion,  chopped 

3  tbsp.  fresh  parsley,  chopped 

1  c.  sour  cream 

2  c.  monterey  jack  cheese,  grated 

4  large  flour  tortillas 

Preheat  oven  to  375  degrees.   Steam  zucchini,  squash,  and  bell  pepper  until  tender.  In  a  medium-sized 
bowl,  combine  zucchini  mixture,  tomato,  onion,  parsley,  sour  cream,  and  half  of  the  cheese.   Stir  to  mix. 
Spoon  zucchini  mixture  into  the  4  flour  tortillas.  Roll  tortillas  and  arrange  seam-side  down  in  a  13x9x2- 
inch  baking  dish.   Sprinkle  remaining  cheese  on  top.  Bake  for  30  minutes. 


Zucchini  &  Tomatoes 

1/2  c.  plain,  low-fat  yogurt 

legg 

4  tbsp.  feta  cheese,  crumbled 

3  zucchini,  peeled  and  chopped 

1/2  c.  mushrooms,  chopped  (optional) 

1  leek,  sliced  (optional) 

2  tomatoes,  chopped 
Parsley 

Dill 

Preheat  oven  to  350  degrees.  In  a  medium-sized  bowl,  mix  together  yogurt,  egg,  herbs,  and  cheese. 
Steam  zucchini,  mushrooms,  and  leeks.  Arrange  vegetables  in  a  greased  casserole  dish  and  pour  yogurt 
mixture  on  top.  Bake  until  cheese  melts,  about  15  minutes. 


Zucchini  Recipes  Page -12-  http://www.creativehomemaking.com 


Zucchini  &  Tomato  Gratin 

2  tbsp.  butter 

3  tbsp.  olive  oil 

1  medium  zucchini,  sliced 
1  medium  onion,  chopped 
1  clove  garlic,  minced 

4  medium  tomatoes,  chopped  finely 
1/2  c.  fresh  bread  crumbs 

Salt  and  pepper 

Preheat  oven  to  400  degrees.  In  a  large  saucepan,  melt  1  tbsp.  butter  and  1  tbsp.  of  olive  oil.  Cook 
zucchini  until  barely  tender  (about  5  minutes).  In  another  saucepan,  heat  the  rest  of  the  olive  oil.  Cook 
onion  and  garlic  until  they  are  soft  (about  5  minutes).  Reduce  heat  to  low  and  add  tomatoes  to  the  onion 
mixture.  Cook  until  tomatoes  are  soft  (about  15  minutes).  Add  salt  and  pepper.  Stir  the  zucchini  into  the 
tomato  sauce  and  pour  this  mixture  into  a  casserole  dish.   Sprinkle  bread  crumbs  on  top  and  dot  with 
remaining  butter. 


Zucchini  Salad 

1  1/2  c.  zucchini,  unpeeled,  sliced  thin 

1/2  c.  celery,  chopped 

1/4  c.  green  onions,  chopped 

1/4  c.  green  pepper,  chopped 

1/4  c.  vinegar 

3  tbsp.  olive  oil 

1  tbsp.  wine  vinegar 

2  tbsp.  water 
Salt  and  pepper 
Basil 

Layer  zucchini,  celery,  onions,  and  pepper  in  a  medium-sized  bowl.  Mix  vinegar,  olive  oil,  spices,  and 
water  together  in  a  small  bowl  and  pour  over  vegetables.  Refrigerate  to  blend  flavors. 


Zucchini  Bake 

4-5  medium  zucchini,  grated 
1  c.  Bisquick 

1  c.  cheddar  cheese,  grated 

2  eggs,  beaten 
Salt  and  pepper 
Oregano 

Preheat  oven  to  375  degrees.  Combine  all  ingredients  in  a  medium-sized  bowl,  stirring  well.  Pour  mixture 
into  a  greased  casserole  dish  and  bake  to  about  45  minutes. 


Zucchini  Recipes  Page -13-  http://www.creativehomemaking.com 


Zucchini  Pesto 

3  medium  zucchini,  chopped  and  steamed 

1  clove  garlic,  minced 

1/2  c.  basil  leaves,  chopped 

2  tbsp.  fresh  parsley,  chopped 

2  tbsp.  Parmesan  cheese,  grated 

1/4  teaspoon  salt 

11/2  teaspoons  olive  oil 

Process  all  ingredients  in  a  food  processor  until  smooth. 


Zucchini  Stew 

2  medium  onions,  chopped 

1/3  c.  olive  oil 

1  pound  tomatoes,  chopped 

1  teaspoon  sugar 
1/2  c.  water 

2  medium  zucchini,  chopped 

1  teaspoon  fresh  dill,  chopped 
Salt  and  pepper 

In  a  large  saucepan,  heat  oil.  Cook  onions  until  soft  (about  5  minutes).  Add  tomatoes  and  sugar  and  cook 
for  10  minutes.  Add  water,  salt,  and  pepper  and  stir.  When  sauce  boils,  add  zucchini  and  dill.  Cook  until 
zucchini  is  tender  (about  15  minutes). 


Zucchini  Recipes  Page -14-  http://www.creativehomemaking.com 


Zucchini  Pancakes 

3  c.  zucchini,  grated 

2  eggs 

3  tbsp.  flour 

1/4  c.  Parmesan  cheese 
1/2  teaspoon  salt 
Pepper 
Butter 

In  a  medium-sized  bowl,  mix  together  zucchini  and  salt.  Let  stand  about  45  minutes.   Squeeze  excess 
moisture  from  zucchini.  In  another  bowl,  beat  eggs  well.  Add  zucchini,  flour,  cheese,  and  pepper;  mix 
well.  In  a  large  skillet,  melt  some  butter.  Fry  tbsp.fuls  of  the  zucchini  mixture  until  lightly  browned, 
turning  once.   Makes  about  12  pancakes. 


Baked  Zucchini  Au  Gratin 

1/2  c.  yogurt 

legg 

1  tbsp.  fresh  parsley,  chopped 

1  teaspoon  fresh  dill  weed 

3  tbsp.  feta  cheese,  crumbled 

2  medium  zucchini,  chopped 
1/2  c.  mushrooms,  chopped 
2  tomatoes,  chopped 

1  clove  garlic,  minced 

Steam  zucchini  and  mushrooms  until  barely  tender.  Preheat  oven  to  350  degrees.  In  a  medium-sized 
bowl,  mix  together  egg,  herbs,  cheeses,  and  garlic.  Place  zucchini  and  mushrooms  in  a  greased  casserole 
dish.  Pour  cheese  mixture  on  top.  Bake  for  about  15  minutes. 


Zucchini  Recipes  Page -15-  http://www.creativehomemaking.com 


Zucchini  &  Cheese  Casserole 

1  tbsp.  butter 

4  c.  zucchini,  unpeeled  and  sliced  thinly 
1/2  c.  onions,  chopped 

2  garlic  cloves,  chopped 
2  eggs,  slightly  beaten 

6  oz.  mozzarella  cheese,  grated 

1  teaspoon  dijon-style  mustard 

Oregano 

Basil 

Parsley 

Salt  and  pepper 

Preheat  oven  to  350  degrees.  Melt  butter  in  a  skillet.  Add  zucchini  and  onions  and  cook  10  minutes, 
stirring  frequently  until  vegetables  are  barely  tender.  Remove  from  heat.  Add  parsley,  garlic,  oregano, 
basil,  salt,  and  pepper.  In  a  large  bowl,  mix  together  eggs,  mozzarella  cheese,  and  mustard.  Add  egg 
mixture  to  zucchini  and  blend  well.  Pour  zucchini  mixture  into  a  greased  casserole  dish.  Bake, 
uncovered,  until  lightly  browned  (about  30  minutes). 


Zucchini  &  Cheese  Enchiladas 

2  medium  zucchini,  grated 
1  c.  ricotta  or  cottage  cheese 

1  small  onion,  chopped 

2  cloves  garlic,  minced 

1  c.  mushrooms  (optional) 

2  c.  cheddar  cheese,  grated 

1  (26-oz.)  jar  pasta  or  spaghetti  sauce 
8  flour  tortillas 

Preheat  oven  to  350  degrees.  In  a  medium-sized  bowl,  combine  zucchini,  cottage  cheese,  onion,  garlic, 
mushrooms,  and  1  c.  of  cheddar  cheese.  Pour  half  of  the  pasta  sauce  into  the  bottom  of  a  13x9x2-inch 
baking  dish.    Spoon  zucchini  mixture  into  each  of  the  flour  tortillas.  Roll  each  tortilla  and  place  seam-side 
down  in  the  baking  pan.  Sprinkle  remaining  zucchini  mixture  (if  any)  on  top.  Pour  the  remaining  pasta 
sauce  on  top  and  sprinkle  with  remaining  cheese.  Bake  for  30  minutes. 


Zucchini  Recipes  Page -16-  http://www.creativehomemaking.com 


Hamburger  &  Zucchini  Casserole 

2  c.  zucchini,  grated  (uncooked) 
1/4  teaspoon  basil 

1  c.  onion,  chopped 

2  c.  cottage  cheese 

1  c.  cheddar  cheese,  grated 
1  pound  hamburger 
1  c.  instant  rice,  cooked 
Salt  and  pepper 

Preheat  oven  to  350  degrees.  In  a  large  skillet,  brown  hamburger  and  onions.  Add  rice,  basil,  salt,  and 
pepper.  Place  half  of  the  zucchini  in  the  bottom  of  a  greased  casserole  dish.  Cover  with  hamburger 
mixture.   Spread  cottage  cheese  over  hamburger  and  add  another  layer  of  zucchini.  Sprinkle  cheddar 
cheese  on  top.  Bake  for  about  35  minutes. 


Zucchini  Pizza 

4  c.  zucchini,  grated  and  drained 

2  c.  rice,  cooked 

1  1/2  c.  mozzarella  cheese,  grated 

1  1/2  c.  Parmesan  cheese,  grated 

2  eggs 

1  pound  hamburger 

1  medium  onion,  chopped 

2  cloves  garlic,  chopped 

1  (15  1/2-oz.)  jar  spaghetti  sauce 

Preheat  oven  to  400  degrees.  In  a  large  bowl,  combine  zucchini,  rice,  1/2  of  the  cheeses,  and  the  eggs. 
Press  the  zucchini  mixture  into  the  bottom  of  a  greased  13x9x2-inch  baking  dish.  Bake  until  mixture  is 
lightly  browned  (about  15  minutes).  In  a  large  skillet,  brown  hamburger.  Add  onion  and  garlic  and  cook 
until  tender.  Drain  fat  and  stir  in  spaghetti  sauce.   Spread  hamburger  mixture  over  zucchini  mixture  and 
sprinkle  remaining  cheese  on  top.  Bake  until  cheese  melts  (about  15  minutes). 


Zucchini  Recipes  Page -17-  http://www.creativehomemaking.com 


Zucchini  Stuffing 

1/4  c.  butter 

2  c.  zucchini,  chopped 

1  c.  onion,  chopped 

2  tbsp.  fresh  parsley,  chopped 
2  cloves  garlic,  minced 

2  eggs 

3  c.  cornbread,  crumbled 
Salt  and  pepper 

In  a  large  skillet,  melt  butter.  Add  zucchini,  onion,  parsley,  garlic,  salt,  and  pepper.  Cook  until  zucchini  is 
tender  (about  10  minutes).  In  a  medium-sized  bowl,  beat  eggs.   Stir  in  zucchini  mixture  and  cornbread. 
Spoon  into  a  greased  casserole  dish  and  bake  until  browned  (about  30  minutes). 


Zucchini  Cheddar  Bread 

1  c.  chopped  onions 
1/4  c.  butter 

2  1/2  c.  Bisquick 

1  tbsp.  fresh  parsley,  chopped 
1/2  tsp.  thyme 

3  eggs 

1/2  tsp.  basil 

1/4  c.  milk 

1  c.  grated  cheese 

1  1/2  c.  to  2  c.  shredded  zucchini 

Saute  onions  in  butter.  Cool  a  little  and  then  add  remaining  ingredients.  Pour  into  an  8x8-in.  baking  pan 
and  bake  at  400  degrees  for  40  minutes. 


Zucchini  Recipes  Page -18-  http://www.creativehomemaking.com 


