THE  FOOD  AND  COOKING  NETWORK 


E-Cookbooks  Copycat  Recipe  Sampler 

VJJE  Publishing  Co. 


E-Cookbooks  Copycat  Recipe  Sampler 

Table  of  Contents 

Introduction 1 

Personalized  Cooking  Aprons 2 

Applebee's  French  Onion  Soup 3 

A&W  Chili  Doss 4 

Bob's  Big  Bov. 5 

Bob  Evan's  Cheddar  Baked  Potato  Soup 6 

Boston  Market  Dill  Potato  Wedges 7 

Burger  King's  Breakfast  Sandwiches. 8 

Chick  Fillet  Chicken  Nuggets  and  Cole  Slaw 9 

Cheez-Whiz. 10 

Chi-Chi's  Baked  Chicken  Chimichangas. 11 

Chili's  GriUed  Caribbean  Chicken  Salad 12 

Cinnabon  Rolls 13 

Clark  Bars. 14 

Cool  Whip. 15 

CPK  Brocolli  and  Sun-Dried  Tomato  Fusilli 16 

Cracker  Barrel  Cherry  Chocolate  Cobbler. 17 

Dairy  Queen  Ice  Cream. 18 

Per  Weinerschnitzel's  Chili  Sauce 19 

Domino's  Cinna  Sticks. 20 

El  Polio  Loco  Chicken 21 

El  Torito's  Deep-Fried  Ice  Cream 22 

Galiano 23 

Girl  Scout  Samoa  Cookies. 24 


E-Cookbooks  Copycat  Recipe  Sampler 

Table  of  Contents 

Golden  Corral  Bread  Pudding. 25 

Hooter's  Buffalo  Chicken  Wings 26 

Hostess  Snowballs 27 

Houston's  Spinach  and  Artichoke  Dip. 28 

Jack  Daniel's  Marinade. 29 

Kraft  Catalina  Salad  Dressing. 30 

Macaroni  Grill's  Scaloppine  Pi  Polio. 31 

McDonald's  Hamburgers 32 

McDonald's  Filet-O-Fish  Sandwich 33 

McDonald's  Big  Mac. 34 

McDonald's  Hot  Apple  &  Cherry  Pies. 35 

Nutter  Butter  Cookies. 36 

O'Charlev's  Baked  Potato  Soup 37 

O  Henry  Bars 38 

Olive  Garden  Lasagna. 39 

Olive  Gardens  Fried  Mozzarella 41 

Olive  Garden  Sangria. 42 

Olive  Garden  Toasted  Ravioli. 43 

Orange  Julius 44 

Outback  Steakhouse  Bloomin'  Onion. 45 

Outback  Steakhouse  Walkabout  Soup. 46 

Pay  Day  Candy  Bars. 47 

Pepperidge  Farm  Sausalito  Cookies 48 

P.F.  Chang's  Lettuce  Wraps 49 


E-Cookbooks  Copycat  Recipe  Sampler 

Table  of  Contents 

Pizza  Hut  Dessert  Pizza 51 

Prudhomme's  Poultry  Magic 52 

Red  Lobster's  Shrimp  Diablo 53 

Red  Lobster's  Ultimate  Fondue. 54 

Rubv  Tuesday's  White  Chicken  Chili. 55 

Ruby  Tuesday's  Chicken  Ouesadillas 56 

Sbarro  Chicken  Francese 57 

Sbarro  Rjgatoni  Ala  Vodka. 58 

Steak  &  Ale's  Burgundy  Mushrooms 59 

T.G.I  Friday's  Pot  Stickers 60 

T..T.  Cinnamon's  Cinnamon  Rolls. 61 

York  Peppermint  Patties 63 


THE  FOOD  AND  COOKING  NETWORK 

Copycat  Recipe  Sampler 

Enjoy  100,000  World  Class  Recipes: 
Visit  The  E-Cookbooks  Library 

We  encourage  you  to  pass  along  this  e-cookbook 
to  a  friend  ...  Show  them  you  have  good  taste! 

Free  Recipes  In  Your  Email! 

Subscribe  to  the  VJJE  Recipe  Weekly 

and  enjoy  new  recipes  each  week. 

It's  fun  and  it's  FREE! 

Click  Here  To  Subscribe 


Introduction 


Personalized  Cooking  Aprons 


a  great  gift  idea  for  anyone ...  including  yourself! 

We'll  inscribe  two  lines  of  YOUR  text  in  a  variety  of  colors 

YOU  choose.  You  can  be  like  a  professional  chef  with  a  name 

and  title!  Create  a  personalized  cooking  apron  for  yourself 

or  as  a  great  gift  idea  for  anyone  that  cooks. 

Or,  choose  from  over  thirty  professionally  designed 
styles  of  aprons  with  colorful  themes. 

Click  HERE  For  Cooking  Aprons! 


Personalized  Cooking  Aprons 


Applebee's  French  Onion  Soup 

3  tablespoons  vegetable  oil 
6  medium  white  onions,  sliced 
8  cups  good  quality  beef  broth 

1  cup  water 

2  1/2  teaspoons  salt 

1/2  teaspoon  garlic  powder 

1/4  teaspoon  ground  black  pepper 

5  hamburger  buns 

10  slices  provolone  cheese 

10  teaspoons  shredded  parmesan  cheese 

Heat  vegetable  oil  in  a  large  soup  pot  or  saucepan  over  medium  high 
heat.  Add  the  sliced  onions  and  saute  for  20  minutes  until  the  onions 
begin  to  soften  and  start  to  become  translucent.  Add  the  beef  broth, 
water,  salt,  garlic  powder  and  black  pepper  to  the  pan  and  bring  the 
mixture  to  a  boil.  When  soup  begins  to  boil,  reduce  heat  and  simmer 
for  45  minutes. 

To  make  the  croutons,  separate  the  bottoms  from  tops  of  the  hamburger 
buns.  Set  aside  the  bottoms,  and  cut  the  crown  of  the  tops  to  make  them 
the  same  size  and  shape  as  the  bottoms.  This  gives  you  10  BIG  croutons. 
Preheat  oven  to  325F.  Place  the  bread  in  the  the  oven  directly  on  the 
rack  and  bake  for  15  to  20  minutes  or  until  each  piece  is  golden  brown 
and  crispy.  Set  aside. 

When  the  soup  is  done,  spoon  about  1  cup  into  an  oven-safe  bowl.  Float 
a  crouton  on  top  of  the  soup,  then  place  a  slice  of  provolone  cheese 
on  top  of  the  crouton.  Sprinkle  1/2  teaspoon  of  shredded  parmesan  cheese 
over  the  provolone.  Place  the  bowl  into  your  oven  set  to  high  broil. 
Broil  the  soup  for  5  to  6  minutes  or  until  the  cheese  is  melted  and 
starting  to  brown  (you  may  need  to  broil  longer  if  you  are  making  more 
than  one  bowl  at  a  time).  Sprinkle  an  additional  1/2  teaspoon  of  shredded 
parmesan  cheese  over  the  top  of  the  soup  and  serve.  Repeat  for  the 
remaining  bowls. 


Applebee's  French  Onion  Soup 


A&W  Chili  Dogs 


1  Sabrett  brand  2  ounce  beef  frankfurter  (7  1/2"  long) 

1  regular  hot  dog  roll 

3  Tablespoons  A&W  Coney  Island  Sauce  (see  recipe  below) 

1  Tablespoon  chopped  white  onion 

1/2  Tablespoon  Kraft  shredded  mild  Cheddar  cheese  (optional) 

A&W  Coney  Island  Chili  Dog  Sauce: 
1  pound  ground  chuck 
1  -  6  ounce  can  tomato  paste 
1  Cup  water 
1  Tablespoon  sugar 
1  Tablespoon  prepared  yellow  mustard 

1  Tablespoon  dried,  minced  onion 

2  teaspoons  chili  powder 

1  teaspoon  Worcestershire  sauce 

1  teaspoon  salt 

1/2  teaspoon  celery  seed 

1/2  teaspoon  ground  cumin  (heaping) 

1/4  teaspoon  ground  black  pepper 

In  a  2  qt.  saucepan,  brown  the  ground  chuck,  breaking  into  very 
small  pieces.  Salt  and  pepper  lightly  while  cooking.  Do  not  drain 
the  fat.  Add  the  remaining  ingredients.  Simmer,  uncovered,  30-45 
minutes  until  it  thickens.  Stir  occasionally.  Allow  to  cool,  cover, 
and  refrigerate  until  ready  to  use. 

Bring  a  2  qt.  saucepan  of  water  to  a  rolling  boil.  Remove  the 
saucepan  from  the  heat,  and  add  the  desired  number  of  frankfurters 
to  the  water.  Cover  and  let  sit  about  10  minutes.  After  the  franks 
are  done,  microwave  the  desired  amount  of  chili  dog  sauce  until 
steaming.  Then  microwave  each  roll  10  seconds,  just  enough  to  warm. 
Remove  the  cooked  franks  with  tongs,  and  place  on  the  microwaved 
hot  dog  roll.  Add  about  3  Tablespoons  of  your  prepared  sauce  and 
the  chopped  onion.  Grated  Cheddar  cheese  is  optional. 


A&W  Chili  Dogs 


Bob's  Big  Boy 


1  pound  ground  chuck 

8  jumbo  sesame  seed  buns 

1  cup  shredded  lettuce 

4  slices  real  American  cheese 
salt 

Sauce: 
1/4  cup  mayonnaise 

2  Tablespoons  sweet  relish 
2  Tablespoons  ketchup 

2  teaspoons  water 

In  a  small  container,  combine  the  mayo,  relish,  ketchup,  and  water. 
Set  aside.  This  is  your  Big  Boy  sauce. 

Carefully  form  the  beef  into  eight  equal  sized,  round  patties  about 
4"  in  diameter.  Do  this  on  waxed  paper.  Discard  the  top  half  of  four 
of  the  eight  buns.  Toast  the  the  buns  until  golden.  The  extra  bottom, 
or  "heal"  is  your  middle  bun,  or  "club". 

After  the  buns  are  toasted,  grill  your  freshly  formed  beef  patties. 
Salt  liberally.  Cook  for  about  two  minutes,  then  turn  and  add  another 
dash  of  salt.  Cook  for  about  another  two  minutes. 
While  the  beef  is  cooking,  dress  your  Big  Boy  buns  as  follows: 
Put  half  the  sauce  on  the  toasted  bottom,  and  the  other  half  on  the 
middle,  adding  1/8  cup  of  lettuce  to  each.  The  slice  of  cheese  goes 
on  top  of  the  lettuce  on  the  true  bottom  bun. 

When  the  beef  is  done,  drain  excess  fat  by  tilting  the  patty  to  the 
side  while  holding  it  to  the  spatula  with  your  free  hand.  Put  one 
patty  on  each  dressed  bun,  stack  the  center  (non-cheese)  patty/bun 
on  top  of  the  bottom  (cheesed)  patty/bun.  Finish  by  placing  the 
toasted  crowns  on  top. 


Bob's  Big  Boy 


Bob  Evan's  Cheddar  Baked  Potato  Soup 

1  can  Campbell's  Cheddar  Cheese  Soup 
1  can  chicken  broth 

1  pound  grated  Cheddar  Cheese 
4  cups  whole  milk  +  1  soup  can 

2  Tablespoons  butter 

2  Tablespoons  Corn  Starch 

Salt,  Pepper,  Onion  powder  and  Garlic  salt  -  1/2  teaspoon  each 

7  medium  potatoes,  diced  to  1"  and  boiled 

Add  soup,  1/2  can  broth,  1  can  milk,  and  stir.  Add  in  cheese,  and 
milk.  Stir  in  cornstarch  with  rest  of  broth,  add  to  soup.  Add  spices 
and  butter.  Bring  to  a  boil,  reduce  heat,  and  simmer  for  15-20  minutes. 
Add  boiled  potatoes,  and  simmer  15  minutes  more.  Top  with  chives  and 
bacon  bits.  For  the  best  taste,  let  cool  and  reheat. 


Bob  Evan's  Cheddar  Baked  Potato  Soup 


Boston  Market  Dill  Potato  Wedges 

7  or  8  new  red  potatoes 

2  cloves  garlic,  minced  fine 

1/4  pound  butter 

1/2  tsp.  salt 

1/2  tsp.  black  pepper 

1/2  tsp.  celery  salt 

2  tsp.  dried  dill  weed 

Wash  potatoes  well  and  boil  until  barely  soft.  Drain,  and  cut 
potatoes  in  wedges.  Melt  1  stick  of  butter,  in  large  frying 
pan  (use  only  real  butter)  and  saute  garlic  for  about  one  minute. 
Add  potatoes  and  the  rest  of  the  seasonings.  Pan-fry  the  potatoes 
until  they  are  lightly  brown. 


Boston  Market  Dill  Potato  Wedges 


Burger  King's  Breakfast  Sandwiches 

For  the  eggs,  you  will  need  to  create  a  ring  to  make  them 
perfectly  round  (same  as  with  an  Egg  McMuffin).  Just  cut  both 
ends  off  tuna  cans,  clean  thoroughly,  and  you  will  have  a  mold 
to  use.  Be  sure  to  use  non-stick  spray  around  the  sides  that 
touch  the  egg.  When  they're  time  to  flip  over,  left  the  can 
up  and  loosen  the  egg  from  the  can  with  a  knife. 

>  For  The  Biscuit  Sandwich: 

Use  Pillsbury  "Grands"  Buttermilk  Biscuits  (Five  biscuits  per  can) 

1  Egg  per  biscuit 

2  oz.  ground  breakfast  sausage  per  biscuit,  or  two  slices  bacon 
1  slice  American  cheese  per  biscuit 

Prepare  biscuits  according  to  package  instructions. 
Meanwhile,  cook  bacon  and/or  sausage.  Flatten  the  sausage  out 
to  be  about  the  same  diameter  as  your  tuna  cans,  and  cook. 
Beat  each  egg  individually  and  fry  using  the  molds.  Salt  and 
pepper  to  your  taste. 

To  assemble,  slice  biscuit  in  half;  on  the  bottom,  place  the  egg, 
then  sausage/bacon,  topped  with  a  cheese  slice,  and  then  top  half 
of  biscuit.  Microwave  for  about  30  seconds  to  melt  the  cheese. 

>  For  the  Croissanwich: 

To  prepare  the  large  croissants,  use  1  -  8  ounce  can  of  Pillsbury 
Original  Crescent  Rolls  (normally,  8  rolls).  Open  the  can  and 
separate  the  dough  into  four  squares  (two  rolls  per  square).  Take 
one  square,  separate  the  pieces  and  turn  one  180  degrees  around  to 
form  a  large  triangle.  Pinch  the  dough  in  the  middle  to  seal,  and 
roll  up  starting  with  the  wide  end.  Then,  take  both  ends  and  bring 
together  to  form  a  tight  circle.  Repeat  with  others  and  cook 
according  to  instructions.  Top  in  the  same  manner  as  biscuits. 


Burger  King's  Breakfast  Sandwiches 


Chick  Fillet  Chicken  Nuggets  and  Cole  Slaw 

Chick  Fillet  Chicken  Nuggets 

2  Cups  Chicken  Breast  (Boneless,  Skinless,  Cubed) 

1  Cup  Flour 

1-1/2  Cups  Cracker  Meal 
1/4  teaspoon  Paprika 

2  Cups  Water 

2  Chicken  Bouillon  Cubes 

2-1/4  teaspoons  McCormick  Season-all 

Place  cool  water  in  bowl,  add  1/4  teaspoon  season-all  and 
dissolve  bouillon  cubes  in  mixture.  Place  cubed  chicken  in 
water,  mix,  cover  and  place  in  refrigerator  for  12  hours  or 
next  day.  When  ready  to  cook  nuggets,  mix  flour,  cracker  meal, 
2  teaspoons  season-all  and  paprika  in  bowl.  Heat  oil  for  deep 
frying.  Drain  chicken.  Coat  nuggets  in  flour,  cracker  mixture 
and  fry  until  golden.  Chicken  will  be  flavorful  and  juicy. 


Chick  Fillet  Coleslaw 

6  cups  shredded  cabbage 

1/4  cup  sugar 

1  cup  shredded  carrots 

1/2  tsp.  salt 

1/4  tsp.  pepper 

1/4-  1/2  cup  milk 

Mix  &  Chill  15  minutes. 

Meanwhile  combine: 
1/2  cup  mayonnaise 
1/2  tsp.  celery  seed 
2-3  drops  hot  sauce 
3  Tbsp.  dry  minced  onion 
1/4-  1/2  cup  buttermilk 

Mix  well  with  cabbage.  Chill.  Allow  flavors  to  blend  for 
several  hours  before  serving. 


Chick  Fillet  Chicken  Nuggets  and  Cole  Slaw 


Cheez-Whiz 


1  lb.  Cheddar  cheese 

2  cups  evaporated  milk 
1  1/2  tsp  salt 

1  1/2  tsp.  dry  mustard 

2  beaten  eggs 

Cut  cheese  into  small  pieces  and  melt  in  double  boiler.  When  melted, 
add  evaporated  milk,  salt  and  mustard.  Remove  from  heat  and  stir  in 
eggs.  Return  to  double  boiler  and  stir  and  cook  until  eggs  thicken 
sightly.  Remove  from  heat.  Pour  into  a  dish  and  cool  slowly.  Stir  as 
it  cools  to  prevent  a  crust  from  forming.  (Might  just  be  able  to 
cover  with  plastic  wrap,  too.)  Put  in  jars,  cover  and  store  in 
refrigerator.  Keeps  several  weeks. 


Cheez-Whiz  10 


Chi-Chi's  Baked  Chicken  Chimichangas 

2  1/2  cups  chicken,  cooked,  shredded 

2  tablespoons  olive  oil 

1/2  cup  onion,  chopped 

2  garlic  cloves,  minced 

1/2  tablespoon  chili  powder 

16  ounces  salsa  (choice  of  hotness) 

1/2  teaspoon  cumin 

1/2  teaspoon  cinnamon 

pinch  of  salt 

6-10  inch  flour  tortillas,  nice  flexible  ones; 

if  stiff,  warm  before  filling 
1  cup  retried  beans 
Olive  oil  (for  basting) 
Sour  Cream 
Guacamole 

In  large  saucepan,  saute  onion  and  garlic  in  oil  until  tender. 
Stir  in  chili  powder,  salsa,  cumin  and  cinnamon.  Stir  in  shredded 
chicken.  Let  cool.  Heat  oven  to  450.  Grease  rimmed  15x10x1 
baking  pan.  Working  with  one  tortilla  at  a  time,  spoon  a  heaping 
tablespoon  of  beans  down  center  of  each  tortilla.  Top  with  a  scant 
1/2  cup  of  the  chicken  mixture.  Fold  up  the  bottom,  top  and  sides 
of  tortilla;  secure  with  wooden  toothpicks  if  necessary.  Place 
chimichangas  in  greased  baking  pan,  seam  side  down.  Brush  all  sides 
with  the  oil.  Bake  20  to  25  minutes  or  until  golden  brown  and  crisp, 
turning  every  5  minutes.  Serve  with  sour  cream  and  guacamole. 


Chi-Chi's  Baked  Chicken  Chimichangas  1 1 


Chili's  Grilled  Caribbean  Chicken  Salad 

4  boneless,  skinless  chicken  breast  halves 
1/2  cup  teriyaki  marinade  (store  bought) 
4  cups  chopped  iceberg  lettuce 
4  cups  chopped  green  leaf  lettuce 

1  cup  chopped  red  cabbage 

5.5  oz.  can  pineapple  chunks  in  juice,  drained 
tortilla  chips 

PICO  DE  GALLO: 

2  medium  tomatoes,  diced 
1/2  cup  diced  Spanish  onion 

2  tsps.  chopped  fresh  jalapeno  pepper,  seeded  and  de-ribbed 
2  tsps.  finely  minced  fresh  cilantro 
pinch  of  salt 
Combine  all  ingredients  in  a  small  bowl.  Cover  and  chill. 

HONEY  LIME  DRESSING: 

1/4  cup  Grey  Poupon  dijon  mustard 

1/4  cup  honey 

1-1/2  Tbsps.  sugar 

1  Tbsp.  sesame  oil 

1  -1/2  Tbsp.  apple  cider  vinegar 

1-1/2  tsps.  lime  juice 
Blend  all  the  ingredients  in  a  small  bowl  with  an  electric  mixer, 
Cover  and  chill. 

Marinate  the  chicken  in  the  teriyaki  for  at  least  two  hours.  Use  a 
resealable  plastic  bag.  Put  in  fridge.  Preheat  outdoor  or  indoor 
grill.  Grill  the  chicken  for  4-5  mins.  per  side  or  until  done.  Toss 
the  lettuces  and  cabbage  together  and  divide  into  2  large  serving 
size  salad  bowls.  Divide  the  pico  de  gallo  and  pour  in  equal  portions 
over  the  two  bowls  of  greens.  Divide  the  pineapple  and  sprinkle  on 
salads.  Break  tortilla  chips  into  large  chunks  and  sprinkle  on  salads. 
Slice  the  grilled  chicken  into  thin  strips  and  divide  among  bowls. 
Pour  the  dressing  into  two  small  bowls  and  serve  with  the  salads. 


Chili's  Grilled  Caribbean  Chicken  Salad  12 


Cinnabon  Rolls 


ROLLS: 

1/2  cup  warm  water 
2  packages  dry  yeast 

2  tablespoons  sugar 

3  1/2  oz.  pkg.  vanilla  pudding  mix 
1/2  cup  margarine,  melted 

2  eggs 

1  teaspoon  salt 
6  cups  flour 

CREAM  CHEESE  FROSTING: 

8  oz.  cream  cheese 
1/2  cup  margarine 
1  teaspoon  vanilla 

3  cups  confectioner's  sugar 
1  tablespoon  milk 

To  make  frosting,  mix  all  ingredients  until  smooth. 

In  a  bowl  combine  water,  yeast  and  sugar.  Stir  until  dissolved.  Set  aside. 

In  large  bowl,  take  pudding  mix  and  prepare  according  to  package 
directions.  Add  margarine,  eggs  and  salt.  Mix  well.  Then  add  yeast 
mixture.  Blend. 

Gradually  add  flour;  knead  until  smooth.  Place  in  a  greased  bowl.  Cover 
and  let  rise  until  doubled.  Punch  down  dough  and  let  rise  again. 

Then  roll  out  on  floured  board  to  34  x  21"  size.  Take  1  cup  soft  butter 
and  spread  over  surface.  In  bowl,  mix  2  cups  brown  sugar  and  4  teas, 
cinnamon.  Sprinkle  over  top.  Roll  up  very  tightly.  With  knife,  put  a  notch 
every  2".  Cut  with  thread  or  knife. 

Place  on  lightly  greased  cookie  sheet  2"  apart.  Take  hand  and  lightly 
press  down  on  each  roll.  Cover  and  let  rise  until  double  again.  Bake  at 
350F  for  15-20  minutes.  Remove  when  they  start  to  turn  golden. 
DON'T  OVER  BAKE. 

Frost  warm  rolls  with  Cream  Cheese  Frosting. 
Makes  about  20  very  large  rolls. 


Cinnabon  Rolls  13 


Clark  Bars 


1  (16  ounce)  package  graham  crackers,  crumbled 

1  cup  melted  butter 

2  1/2  cups  peanut  butter 

2  1/2  cups  confectioners'  sugar 

2  cups  semisweet  chocolate  chips 

1  (14  ounce)  can  sweetened  condensed  milk 

Grease  a  9x13  inch  pan.  Mix  graham  cracker  crumbs,  butter,  peanut 
butter  and  powdered  sugar  together  in  a  large  mixing  bowl.  Press  the 
mixture  into  the  prepared  pan.  In  a  small  pot  melt  chocolate  chips  and 
condensed  milk  together  over  a  low  heat.  Stir  until  well  mixed.  Spread 
the  chocolate  mixture  over  the  peanut  butter  mixture.  Chill  the 
cookie-bars  for  4  hours.  Cut  and  serve. 


Clark  Bars  14 


Cool  Whip 


1  teaspoon  gelatin 

2  teaspoons  cold  water 

3  tablespoons  boiling  water 
1/2  cup  ice  water 

1/2  cup  nonfat  dry  milk 
3  tablespoons  sugar 
3  tablespoons  oil 

Chill  a  small  mixing  bowl.  Soften  gelatin  with  2  teaspoons  cold  water, 
then  add  boiling  water,  stirring  until  gelatin  is  completely  dissolved. 
Cool  until  tepid.  Place  ice  water  and  nonfat  dry  milk  in  the  chilled 
bowl.  Beat  at  high  speed  until  mixture  forms  stiff  peaks.  Add  sugar, 
still  beating,  then  oil  and  gelatin.  Place  in  freezer  about  15  minutes 
then  transfer  to  refrigerator  until  ready  for  use.  Stir  before  using 
to  retain  creamy  texture.  Makes  2  cups. 


Cool  Whip  15 


CPK  Brocolli  and  Sun-Dried  Tomato  Fusilli 

1  pound  dry  fusilli  pasta 
1/2  cup  extra  virgin  olive  oil 

1  teaspoon  salt 

1/4  cup  chopped  fresh  garlic 

2  tablespoons  chopped  fresh  thyme  leaves 
About  12  oil-packed  sun-dried  tomatoes, 

drained  and  thinly  sliced 
1  quart  blanched  broccoli  florets,  drained  (bite-size  pieces) 
1  1/4  cups  grated  parmesan  cheese 

(reserve  1/4  cup  for  garnish) 

Bring  a  large  pot  of  salted  water  to  boil.  Cook  pasta  until 
al  dente,  8  to  10  minutes. 

Heat  olive  oil  in  a  large  non-stick  frying  pan  over  high  heat. 
Add  salt  and  garlic;  when  the  garlic  just  begins  to  brown,  add 
thyme  and  sun-dried  tomatoes.  Toss  and  add  broccoli.  When 
broccoli  is  heated  through,  add  drained  pasta  (if  pan  is  not  large 
enough,  combine  in  a  large  mixing  bowl  while  ingredients  are  hot). 
Add  1  cup  parmesan  cheese  to  all,  sprinkling  and  stirring  to  mix. 
Serve  in  warm  bowls  with  a  fresh  dusting  of  parmesan  cheese. 


CPK  Brocolli  and  Sun-Dried  Tomato  Fusilli  16 


Cracker  Barrel  Cherry  Chocolate  Cobbler 

1-1/2  cups  flour 

1/2  cups  sugar 

2  teaspoons  baking  powder 

1/2  teaspoon  salt 

1/4  cups  butter 

1  (6  oz.)  pkg.  Nestle's  semi-sweet  chocolate  morsels 

1/4  cups  milk 

1  egg 

1  (21  oz.)  can  cherry  pie  filling 

1/2  cups  nuts,  finely  chopped 

Preheat  oven  to  350F.  In  large  bowl,  combine  flour,  sugar,  baking 
powder,  salt  and  butter;  cut  with  pastry  blender  until  crumbs  are 
size  of  large  peas.  Melt  over  hot  (not  boiling)  water,  Nestle's 
semi-sweet  chocolate  morsels.  Remove  from  heat  and  cool  slightly 
at  room  temperature  (about  5  minutes).  Add  milk  and  egg  to  melted 
chocolate  and  mix  well.  Blend  chocolate  into  flour  mixture.  Spread 
cherry  pie  filling  in  bottom  of  2  quart  casserole.  Drop  chocolate 
batter  randomly  over  cherries.  Sprinkle  with  chopped  nuts. 
Bake  at  350  F  for  40  -  45  minutes.  Serve  warm  with  heavy  cream. 


Cracker  Barrel  Cherry  Chocolate  Cobbler  17 


Dairy  Queen  Ice  Cream 


2  envelopes  Knox  gelatine 
1/2  cup  cold  water 
4  cups  whole  milk 
2  cups  sugar 

2  teaspoons  vanilla  extract 
1/2  teaspoon  salt 

3  cups  cream 

Soak  Knox  gelatine  in  cold  water.  Heat  milk,  but  do  not  boil. 
Remove  from  heat,  and  add  gelatine,  sugar,  vanilla  extract 
and  salt.  Cool  and  add  ice  cream.  Chill  5  to  6  hours. 

Pour  into  a  4  to  6-quart  ice  cream  freezer  can.  Process  as 
per  manufacturer's  instructions. 


Dairy  Queen  Ice  Cream  18 


Der  Weinerschnitzel's  Chili  Sauce 

2  cloves  garlic,  minced 

1/2  cup  onion,  minced 

2  tablespoons  olive  oil 

1  pound  ground  beef 

1  teaspoon  salt 

1/2  teaspoon  black  pepper 

1  tablespoon  prepared  mustard 

1  tablespoon  vinegar 

1  teaspoon  Worcestershire  Sauce 

1/2  teaspoon  Tabasco 

1/4  cup  ketchup 

1/2  cup  tomato  juice 

In  a  large  heavy  skillet  cook  garlic  and  onion  in  oil 
over  moderate  heat,  stirring,  until  onion  is  softened. 
Add  beef  and  cook,  stirring  and  breaking  up  any  lumps  with 
a  fork.until  cooked  through.  Drain  off  any  excess  fat. 
Add  remaining  ingredients,  adding  just  enough  juice  to  create 
a  spoonably  loose  but  not  soupy  mixture.  Simmer  sauce, 
stirring  occasionally;  about  10  minutes.  Makes  enough  sauce 
to  top  6  hot  dogs.  Steam  the  hot  dogs  and  use  potato  rolls. 


Der  Weinerschnitzel's  Chili  Sauce  1 9 


Domino's  Cinna  Sticks 


1  pkg.  refrigerated  pizza  dough  (or  your  favorite  recipe) 
1/4  cup  melted  margarine 

1/2  cup  sugar 

2  teaspoons  cinnamon 

Icing: 
1  lb.  powdered  sugar 
1  tablespoon  milk 
1  tablespoon  melted  butter 
1/4  teaspoon  vanilla  extract 

Preheat  oven  to  350  degrees.  Roll  out  pizza  dough  into  a  large 
rectangle.  Brush  melted  margarine  over  dough.  In  a  small  bowl  combine 
sugar,  and  cinnamon,  mix  well.  Sprinkle  the  cinnamon  and  sugar  mixture 
liberally  over  the  pizza  dough.  Slice  the  dough  into  either  long  sticks, 
or  cut  dough  in  half,  and  then  slice  into  smaller  sticks.  (The  smaller 
sticks  are  easier  to  handle.)  Place  on  an  lightly  greased  cookie  sheet 
and  bake  for  approximately  15  minutes  or  until  done. 
While  the  pizza  sticks  are  cooking  mix  together  the  powdered  sugar, 
milk,  melted  butter,  and  vanilla.  Mix  until  smooth.  You  may  need  to 
add  an  extra  teaspoon  of  milk.  Serve  icing  with  sticks. 


Domino's  Cinna  Sticks  20 


El  Polio  Loco  Chicken 


1/4  cup  corn  oil 

1/4  cup  melted  butter 

1/4  cup  onion,  minced 

2  tablespoons  garlic,  finely  minced 

2-3  drops  yellow  food  coloring 

1/4  teaspoon  ground  cumin 

1  teaspoon  dried  oregano 

4  tablespoons  fresh  lemon  juice 

4  tablespoons  fresh  orange  juice 

1  chicken,  2-1/2  to  3  pounds,  halved 

Combine  oil,  butter,  onion,  garlic,  food  coloring,  cumin,  lemon 
and  orange  juices  in  a  large  shallow  pan.  Add  chicken  halves, 
turning  to  coat  well.  Cover  and  marinate  several  hours,  or  overnight. 
Remove  chicken  from  marinade,  then  cook  over  medium  coals  on 
barbecue  grill,  or  in  a  broiler  4  inches  under  source  of  heat, 
until  browned  on  both  sides  and  meat  is  done,  turning  and  basting 
frequently,  about  25  minutes. 

Cut  chicken  halves  into  pieces.  Serve  with  beans  and  rice,  corn 
or  flour  tortillas,  and  fresh  salsa. 


El  Polio  Loco  Chicken  21 


El  Torito's  Deep-Fried  Ice  Cream 

20  ounces  chocolate  chip  ice  cream 

2  cups  4-grain  flake  cereal,  crushed 

1  1/2  tablespoons  sugar 

3  1/2  teaspoons  ground  cinnamon 

2  eggs 

1  teaspoon  water 

4  (8-inch)  flour  tortillas 
Oil  for  deep-frying 
Cinnamon  mixed  with  sugar 
Whipped  cream 

4  maraschino  cherries 

Form  ice  cream  into  4  balls.  Place  in  baking  pan  and 
freeze  solid,  2  hours  or  longer.  Mix  cereal,  sugar  and 
cinnamon.  Divide  equally  between  2  pie  plates  or  other 
shallow  containers.  Beat  eggs  with  water. 
Roll  each  ice  cream  ball  in  cereal  mixture  and  press 
coating  into  ice  cream.  Dip  coated  ball  in  egg  wash, 
then  roll  in  second  container  of  cereal  mixture.  Again 
press  coating  onto  ice  cream.  Freeze  coated  ice 
cream  balls  solid,  4  to  6  hours. 
Shape  each  tortilla  into  hourglass  form  (with  narrow 
waist)  by  cutting  off  curved  slice  from  2  opposite 
sides.  One  end  will  serve  as  base  for  ice  cream.  Other 
end  will  be  decorative  fan. 
Heat  oil  in  wok  or  large  deep-fryer.  Place  tortilla 
between  2  ladles  or  large  spoons  of  different  sizes 
(smaller  ladle  on  top).  Place  tortilla  so  that  base  end  is 
cupped  in  larger  ladle  to  form  basket,  with  back  of 
upper  fan  supported  by  handle  of  larger  ladle. 
Deep-fry  until  crisp.  Drain  and  sprinkle  with 
cinnamon-sugar.  Set  aside. 
Deep-fry  frozen  coated  ice  cream  balls  30  to  45 
seconds.  Place  each  fried  tortilla  in  large-stemmed 
glass,  with  fan  part  of  tortilla  standing  vertically  above 
glass.  Set  fried  ice  cream  ball  in  base  of  tortilla.  Top 
with  dollop  of  whipped  cream  and  decorate  with  cherry. 


El  Torito's  Deep-Fried  Ice  Cream  22 


Galiano 

2  Cup  Sugar 
1  Cup  Water 

1/4  Teaspoon  Anise  extract 

1  Teaspoon  Vanilla  extract  or  Vanilla  Bean  Extract 

3  Drops  yellow  food  coloring 
1  Fifth  vodka 

Combine  sugar  and  water  in  a  pan  and  bring  to  a  boil.  Boil  for 
1  minute  and  immediately  reduce  heat.  Simmer  for  1  hour  or  until 
thickened.  Remove  from  heat  and  cool. 
Pour  sugar-water  syrup  into  a  sterilized  quart-size  bottle.  Add 
anise  extract,  vanilla  and  food  coloring.  Stir  gently  and  add 
the  vodka.  Cover  and  let  the  mixture  sit  for  1 0  days  to  2  weeks 
before  serving. 


Galiano  23 


Girl  Scout  Samoa  Cookies 

6  tablespoons  butter 
1/2  cup  sugar 
1/2  cup  light  corn  syrup 
1/2  of  14-oz  can  sweetened  condensed  milk 
1/2  tsp.  vanilla 
4  cups  toasted  coconut 
1  cup  semi-sweet  or  milk  chocolate  chips 

In  2-quart  saucepan  over  medium-low  heat,  combine  butter, 
sugar  and  corn  syrup.  Heat  to  a  full  boil,  stirring  constantly 
with  a  wooden  spoon.  Boil  3  minutes,  stirring  constantly. 
Slowly  pour  in  sweetened  condensed  milk,  stirring  constantly. 
Continue  cooking  over  low  heat  until  candy  thermometer  reaches 
220-228  degrees.  Remove  from  heat.  Stir  in  vanilla.  Beat  until 
creamy.  Immediately  stir  in  toasted  coconut  and  mix  well. 
Spoon  mixture  by  teaspoonfuls  into  circular  mounds  onto 
buttered  waxed  paper.  Flatten  slightly  and  with  the  end  of  a 
wooden  spoon  poke  a  small  round  hole  into  the  center  of  each 
cookie.  Cool  completely. 

Melt  chocolate  chips  and  drizzle  thinly  in  stripes  over 
cookies  and  let  chocolate  harden  at  room  temperature.  Store 
in  airtight  container. 


Girl  Scout  Samoa  Cookies  24 


Golden  Corral  Bread  Pudding 

3  Cups  French  bread  cubed  and  partially  dried 

1/2  Cup  melted  butter 

2  Cups  whole  milk 

2  eggs  beaten 

1  teaspoon  cinnamon 

1/4  teaspoon  salt 

1/3  Cup  brown  sugar  (dark) 

Scald  milk  and  butter  together.  Remove  and  set  aside.  Beat  eggs,  add 
brown  sugar  and  cinnamon.  When  milk  is  cool  enough  add  egg  mixture 
making  sure  that  the  egg  mixture  does  not  curdle.  Add  bread  cubes  and 
stir  carefully,  do  not  beat.  Place  in  an  8"x1 1 "  well-oiled  pan.  Place 
in  a  preheated  oven  at  350  degrees  for  about  40  minutes,  check  with 
toothpick.  When  done  set  aside. 

White  Sauce: 

1  Cup  whole  milk 

2  tablespoons  butter 

1/2  Cup  granulated  sugar 
1  teaspoon  vanilla 
1  tablespoon  flour 
dash  of  salt 

Mix  all  ingredients  together  and  bring  to  a  boil  for  3  -  4  minutes, 
stirring  constantly.  Set  aside  for  5  minutes,  pour  about  1/2  mixture 
on  warm  bread  pudding  and  place  the  remainder  of  sauce  in  a  serving 
bowl  for  those  who  desire  that  little  extra.  Best  served  warm,  but 
great  at  room  temperature. 


Golden  Corral  Bread  Pudding  25 


Hooter's  Buffalo  Chicken  Wings 

1/4  cup  margarine 

1/4  cup  Red  Devil  Hot  Sauce 

1/4  teaspoon  granulated  garlic 

1/2  cup  all-purpose  flour 

1/4  teaspoon  paprika 

1/4  teaspoon  cayenne  pepper 

1/4  teaspoon  salt 

10  chicken  wings,  tips  removed 

vegetable  oil  for  frying 

Heat  oil  in  a  deep  fryer  to  350F. 

Melt  margarine  and  mix  in  hot  sauce  and  garlic.  Set  aside. 
Combine  the  flour,  paprika,  cayenne  pepper,  and  salt  in  a  small  bowl. 
Place  wings  in  a  large  bowl  and  sprinkle  the  flour  mixture  over  them, 
coating  each  wing  evenly.  Put  the  wings  in  the  refrigerator  for  60-90 
minutes.  This  will  help  the  breading  to  stick  to  the  wings  when  fried. 
Put  all  the  wings  in  the  hot  oil  and  fry  about  10  minutes  or  until 
they  turn  a  dark  brown.  Remove  from  the  oil  and  place  in  a  large  bowl. 
Add  the  hot  sauce  and  stir,  coating  all  of  the  wings  evenly. 
Serve  with  blue  cheese  dressing  and  celery  sticks  on  the  side. 


Hooter's  Buffalo  Chicken  Wings  26 


Hostess  Snowballs 


4  egg  whites 
1/2  cup  butter 

1  cup  sugar 

1/2  teaspoon  vanilla  extract 
1/2  teaspoon  almond  extract 
Rind  of  1  lemon,  finely  grated 

2  cups  sifted  cake  flour 

1  tablespoon  baking  powder 
2/3  cup  milk 

2  to  3  cups  sweetened  shredded  coconut 

Frosting: 
1  (16  oz.)  pkg.  powdered  sugar 
1  (7  oz.)  jar  JET-PUFFED  Marshmallow  Creme 
1/4  cup  margarine  or  butter,  softened 
1  teaspoon  vanilla  extract 
1  to  2  tablespoons  milk 

Preheat  the  oven  to  350F.  Butter  and  flour  muffin  tins  or  dome 
shaped  baking  molds  and  set  aside. 

Whip  the  egg  whites  in  a  clean  bowl  until  stiff  but  not  dry  and 
place  in  the  refrigerator  while  you  make  the  rest  of  the  batter. 
Cream  the  butter  and  add  the  sugar.  Continue  mixing  to  blend  well. 
Add  the  vanilla  extract,  almond  extract  and  lemon  rind  and  mix  well. 

Sift  the  flour  3  times  with  the  baking  powder  then  add  it  to  the 
butter  mixture  alternately  with  the  milk  in  3  additions.  Fold  in  the 
whites  and  pour  the  batter  into  the  molds,  filling  about  3/4  of  the 
way  up.  Bake  for  20  to  25  minutes  until  batter  is  firm  to  the  touch 
in  the  center.  Let  cool  in  the  pans  then  turn  out  so  the  top  becomes 
the  bottom  (you  may  need  to  trim  them  a  bit  so  they  sit  flat). 

Frosting:  Beat  sugar,  marshmallow  creme,  margarine  or  butter  and 
vanilla  extract  with  electric  mixer  at  medium  speed,  beating  in  milk 
as  needed  to  desired  frosting  consistency. 

Place  the  coconut  in  a  bowl  and  add  1  drop  of  red  or  green  food 
coloring  for  a  pale  color.  Toss  until  food  coloring  is  well  mixed  in 
and  the  coconut  is  the  desired  color.  Frost  the  top  and  sides  of  the 
cakes  and  dip/roll  in  coconut  to  make  them  look  like  snowballs. 


Hostess  Snowballs  27 


Houston's  Spinach  and  Artichoke  Dip 

2  bags  (1  lb.  each)  fresh  spinach 
1/8  lb.  butter  -  not  margarine 

1  tsp.  minced  fresh  garlic 

2  tbls.  minced  onions 
1/4  cup  flour 

1  pint  heavy  cream  (whipping  cream) 

2  teas,  fresh  squeezed  lemon  juice 
1/2  tsp.  Tabasco  sauce  (to  taste) 
1/2  tsp.  salt 

2/3  cup  fresh  grated  Parmesan  cheese 
1/3  cup  sour  cream 
1/2  cup  grated  Monterey  Jack  cheese 
artichoke  hearts,  coarsely  diced 

Steam  spinach  -  strain  and  squeeze  through  cheesecloth.  Must  be 
very  dry.  Chop  finely  and  set  aside.  In  heavy  saucepan,  melt  butter. 
Add  garlic  and  onions  and  saute  about  3-5  minutes.  Add  flour  to 
make  a  roux.  Stir  and  cook  about  1  minute.  Slowly  add  heavy 
cream,  stirring  with  a  whisk  to  prevent  lumping.  Mixture  will  thicken 
at  the  boiling  point.  When  it  thickens,  add  lemon  jiuce,  Tabasco, 
salt  and  Parmesan  cheese.  Remove  from  heat  and  let  stand  5 
minutes.  Stir  in  sour  cream.  Fold  in  dry,  chopped  spinach,  coarse 
diced  artichoke  hearts  and  Jack  cheese.  Stir  until  cheese  is  melted. 
Serve  immediately,  or  portion  and  microwave  to  order.  Serve  with 
salsa,  sour  cream  and  tortilla  chips  for  dipping. 


Houston's  Spinach  and  Artichoke  Dip  28 


Jack  Daniel's  Marinade 


1/4  cup  Jack  Daniel's  whiskey 

1/4  cup  soy  sauce 

1/4  cup  Dijon-style  mustard 

1/4  cup  minced  green  onion  and  tops 

1/4  cup  firmly  packed  light  brown  sugar 

1  teaspoon  salt 

Dash  of  Worcestershire  sauce 

pepper  to  taste 

Combine  all  ingredients.  Blend  well.  Use  to  marinate  shrimp 
or  scallops  for  one  hour.  Beef,  chicken  or  pork  should  marinate 
refrigerated  overnight.  Use  to  baste  the  shellfish  or  meat  as 
it  is  grilled  or  broiled. 


Jack  Daniel's  Marinade  29 


Kraft  Catalina  Salad  Dressing 

1  cup  sugar 

2  Teaspoon  salt 
dash  paprika 

1/2  Teaspoon  chili  powder 
1/2  Teaspoon  celery  seed 
1/2  Teaspoon  dry  mustard 
grated  onion  to  taste 
1/2  cup  vinegar 
2/3  cup  ketchup 
1  cup  vegetable  oil 

Place  all  ingredients  into  blender  and  mix. 
Store  in  jar  in  refrigerator. 


Kraft  Catalina  Salad  Dressing  30 


Macaroni  Grill's  Scaloppine  Di  Polio 

Lemon  Butter  Sauce: 
4  Ounces  lemon  juice 
2  Ounces  white  wine 
4  Ounces  heavy  cream 

1  Pound  butter,  (4  sticks) 

Chicken: 
6-8  chicken  breasts,  (3-ounces  each)  pounded  thin 
Oil  and  butter  for  sauteing  chicken 

2  3/4  Cups  flour,  seasoned  with  salt  and  pepper,  for  dredging 
6  Ounces  pancetta,  cooked 

12  Ounces  mushrooms,  sliced 
12  Ounces  artichoke  hearts,  sliced 
1  Tablespoon  capers 
1  Pound  cappellini  pasta,  cooked 
chopped  parsley,  for  garnish 

To  make  the  sauce,  heat  the  lemon  juice  and  white  wine  in  a  saucepan 
over  medium  heat.  Bring  to  a  boil  and  reduce  by  one-third.  Add  cream 
and  simmer  until  mixture  thickens  (3  to  4  minutes).  Slowly  add  butter 
until  completely  incorporated.  Season  with  salt  and  pepper.  Remove 
from  heat  and  keep  warm. 

Cook  pasta  and  drain.  Heat  a  small  amount  of  oil  and  two  tablespoons 
butter  in  a  large  skillet.  Dredge  chicken  in  flour  and  saute  in  pan, 
turning  once,  until  brown  and  cooked  through.  Remove  chicken  from  pan. 
Add  remaining  ingredients  to  pan.  Heat  until  mushrooms  soften  and  are 
cooked.  Add  chicken  back  to  pan. 

To  serve,  place  cooked  pasta  on  each  plate.  Add  half  of  butter  sauce 
to  chicken  mixture  and  toss.  Taste  and  adjust.  Add  more  sauce  if  needed. 
Place  chicken  mixture  over  pasta.  Add  a  little  more  sauce  to  each. 
Garnish  with  parsley. 


Macaroni  Grill's  Scaloppine  Di  Polio  31 


McDonald's  Hamburgers 


1  pound  ground  chuck  (80%  lean) 
10  hamburger  buns  (local  grocery  type) 
10  hamburger  dill  slices  (more  or  less  to  taste) 
10  teaspoons  dried,  chopped  (not  minced)  onions 
Mustard 
Ketchup 
Salt,  Pepper,  and  MSG 

Divide  1  lb  of  beef  into  10  equal  sized  balls.  Form  a  patty  out  of 
each  ball  about  4  inches  in  diameter  and  1/4  inch  thick.  Do  this 
on  waxed  paper.  Now  freeze  the  patties  for  at  least  an  hour 
(this  keeps  them  from  falling  apart  when  grilled). 
Combine  dried  onions  with  water  in  a  small  container.  Add  enough 
water  so  the  onions  can  hydrate  (You  can't  add  too  much,  just  be 
sure  to  drain  well  before  using). 

Preheat  a  griddle  or  skillet  to  medium-high.  In  the  meantime, 
toast  the  hamburger  buns  until  just  golden. 
Lay  the  frozen  patties  on  the  hot  surface.  After  about  20  seconds, 
"sear"  them  by  applying  even  pressure  with  the  back  of  a  metal 
spatula;  do  this  only  for  about  2  seconds.  After  searing  them, 
sprinkle  generously  with  salt,  pepper,  and  MSG  to  taste. 
After  about  one  minute  since  searing  the  patties,  turn  them  over. 
Careful,  don't  tear  the  side  you  seared.  Add  about  a  teaspoon  of 
your  prepared  onions  on  top. 

Quickly  dress  your  buns.  On  the  crown  part  of  buns  (top), 
Mustard  first. ...five  "kisses"  the  diameter  of  a  pencil  evenly 
spaced  in  a  circle  about  a  half  inch  from  the  edge.  Then  the  Ketchup, 
five  squirts  the  size  of  a  nickle..  in  the  pattern  found  on  dice. 
Place  the  pickle  in  the  middle. 

By  the  time  you  finish  that,  the  meat  will  be  done  (about  1  minute 
or  1 :10  after  turning).  Remove  the  meat  and  tilt  to  the  side  to  allow 
excess  fat  to  drain  off.  Use  your  free  hand  to  hold  down  the  onions. 
Place  patties  onion  side  up  on  the  dressed  crown,  top  with  toasted 
heels  (the  burger  will  be  upside-down).  Flip  upright  and  serve. 


McDonald's  Hamburgers  32 


McDonald's  Filet-O-Fish  Sandwich 

2  tablespoons  mayonnaise 

2  teaspoons  sweet  relish 

2  teaspoons  minced  onion 

2  hamburger  buns 

2  square  breaded  frozen  fish  portions 

2  slices  American  cheese 

Mix  together  the  mayonnaise,  relish,  and  minced  onion  in  a  small 
bowl.  This  will  be  the  tartar  sauce. 

Lightly  toast  the  hamburger  buns. 

Cook  the  fish  by  either  baking  or  frying  in  oil  according 
to  the  package  instructions. 

Divide  the  tartar  sauce  and  spread  it  evenly  on  each  of  the 
top  buns,  and  place  a  slice  of  cheese  on  each  of  the  bottom  buns. 
Place  the  cooked  fish  on  top  of  the  cheese  slice  on  each  sandwich. 
Place  top  buns  on  the  fish  and  serve. 


McDonald's  Filet-O-Fish  Sandwich  33 


McDonald's  Big  Mac 


1  regular  sized  sesame  seed  bun 

1  regular  sized  plain  bun 

2  beef  patties  (2  ounces  each  flattened  to  bun  size) 
2  tablespoons  Big  Mac  sauce  (recipe  follows) 

2  teaspoons  reconstituted  onions 

1  slice  real  American  cheese 

2  hamburger  pickle  slices 
1/4  cup  shredded  lettuce 

Discard  the  crown  half  of  the  regular  bun,  retaining  the 
heel.  Toast  both  sides  of  the  heel  and  the  "inner"  sides  of 
the  sesame  bun. 

Cook  the  two-all-beef-patties  just  like  regular  burgers. 
After  the  bun  parts  are  toasted,  put  1  tablespoon  of  sauce  on 
each  of  the  heels  (toasted  side).  Then  add  1/8  cup  shredded 
lettuce  to  each.  On  the  true  bottom  bun,  place  one  thin  slice 
of  American  cheese  on  top  of  the  lettuce.  On  the  extra  "heel", 
the  middle  bun,  place  two  pickle  slices  on  top  of  the  lettuce. 
When  the  meat  patties  are  done,  place  them  one  at  a  time  on 
both  prepared  buns.  Stack  the  middle  bun  on  top  of  the  bottom 
bun,  and  put  the  crown  on  top. 

BIG  MAC  SAUCE: 
1/4  cup  Miracle  Whip 
1/4  cup  mayonnaise 
2  tablespoons  french  salad  dressing 
1/2  tablespoon  sweet  relish 
2  teaspooons  dill  pickle  relish 
1  teaspoon  sugar 
1  teaspoon  dried,  minced  onion 
1  teaspoon  white  vinegar 
1  teaspoon  ketchup 
1/8  teaspoon  salt 

Mix  together  and  allow  to  flavors  to  blend  for  about 
an  hour  before  using. 


McDonald's  Big  Mac  34 


McDonald's  Hot  Apple  &  Cherry  Pies 

4-6  Cups  vegetable  oil  (in  fryer) 
1  package  Pillsbury  apple  or  cherry  turnovers 
(Find  them  in  the  refrigerated  section) 

1 .  Unroll  the  Pillsbury  turnover  dough.  You  will  have  six  3"x3" 
pieces.  You  will  use  four  of  them.  Stretch  them  out  to  about  4"x5" 
rectangles.  Do  this  on  waxed  paper. 

2.  Spread  1/2  of  the  pie  filling  on  one  dough,  and  the  other  half  on 
another,  leaving  about  1/2"  of  dough  around  edges.  Clear  a  3/4"  space 
lengthwise  down  the  middle  of  both. 

3.  Place  the  remaining  two  doughs  on  top  of  the  two  with  the  filling. 
Crimp  the  edges.  You'll  have  what  looks  like  two  giant  pop-tarts. 

4.  Cut  both  of  them  precisely  down  the  middle,  in  that  3/4"  space  you 
created.  Crimp  those  two  edges. 

5.  Manipulate  as  needed  to  form  an  attractive,  uniform  shaped  pie. 
They  should  look  like  small  burritos,  only  crimped  around  the  edges. 

6.  Place  all  four,  flat  on  waxed  paper,  in  the  freezer.  After  about 
45  minutes,  spray  all  sides  of  each  pie  with  water  mist.  Return  to 
the  freezer  for  at  least  another  hour. 

7.  Place  in  a  freezer  bag  and  seal  for  future  use,  or  get  ready  to 
deep-fry  them. 


McDonald's  Hot  Apple  &  Cherry  Pies  35 


Nutter  Butter  Cookies 


The  Cookie  Part: 
1/2  cup  vegetable  shortening 
2/3  cup  granulated  sugar 
1  egg 

1/2  teaspoon  salt 

3  tablespoons  peanut  butter  (regular) 
1/2  cup  old-fashioned  Quaker  oats 
1  cup  all-purpose  flour 

The  Filling: 
1/2  cup  peanut  butter  (low  fat,  if  available) 
3/4  cup  powdered  sugar 
1  tablespoon  fine  graham  cracker  crumbs 

Preheat  the  oven  to  325F.  Cream  together  the  shortening  and  sugar 
with  an  electric  mixer.  Add  the  egg,  salt,  and  peanut  butter  and 
beat  until  well  blended.  Put  the  oats  in  a  blender  and  blend  on 
medium  speed  until  they  are  almost  as  finely  ground  as  flour.  Add 
the  oats  and  flour  to  the  mixture  and  blend  well.  Roll  out  dough 
with  your  hands  into  1  inch  balls.  Press  them  flat  onto  ungreased 
cookie  sheets  so  that  they  form  2-inch  circles. 
Bake  for  8  to  1 0  minutes,  or  until  light  brown  around  the  edges. 
While  the  cookies  bake,  combine  the  filling  ingredients  in  a  small 
bowl.  When  the  cookies  are  cool,  spread  a  thin  layer  of  filling 
on  a  cookie  and  press  another  on  top. 


Nutter  Butter  Cookies  36 


O'Charley's  Baked  Potato  Soup 

3  lbs.  red  potatoes 

1/4  cup  butter,  melted 

1/4  cup  flour 

2  quarts  half-and-half 

1  pound  block  Velveeta  cheese,  melted 

White  pepper,  to  taste 

Garlic  powder,  to  taste 

1  tsp.  hot  pepper  sauce 

1/2  lb.  bacon,  fried  crisply 

1  cup  Cheddar  cheese,  shredded 

1/2  cup  fresh  chives,  chopped 

1/2  cup  fresh  parsley,  chopped 

Dice  unpeeled  red  potatoes  into  1/2-inch  cubes.  Place  in  a  large 
Dutch  oven,  cover  with  water  and  bring  to  a  boil.  Let  boil  for 
10  minutes  or  until  almost  cooked. 

In  a  separate  large  Dutch  oven,  combine  melted  margarine  and  flour, 
mixing  until  smooth.  Place  over  low  heat  and  gradually  add 
half-and-half,  stirring  constantly.  Continue  to  stir  until  smooth 
and  liquid  begins  to  thicken.  Add  melted  Velveeta.  Stir  well.  Drain 
potatoes  and  add  to  cream  mixture.  Stir  in  pepper,  garlic  powder 
and  hot  pepper  sauce. 

Cover  and  cook  over  low  heat  for  30  minutes,  stirring  occasionally. 
Place  soup  into  individual  serving  bowls  and  top  with  crumbled 
bacon,  shredded  cheese,  chives  and  parsley. 


O'Charley's  Baked  Potato  Soup  37 


O'Henry  Bars 


2/3  cup  margarine 
1  cup  brown  sugar 
1/2  cup  light  corn  syrup 

3  teaspoon  vanilla 

4  cups  instant  oatmeal 

Mix  all  the  ingredients  above  together  -  spread  into  a  13x9 
greased  baking  pan.  Bake  for  15  minutes  on  350.  Do  not  bake 
any  longer.  Take  out  and  let  cool.  In  a  saucepan  melt: 

6  oz.  chocolate  chips 
2/3  cup  peanut  butter 

Spread  mixture  onto  the  cooled  oatmeal  mixture  and  refrigerate 
until  the  chocolate/peanut  butter  topping  is  hard  and  then 
slice  and  eat. 


O'Henry  Bars  38 


Olive  Garden  Lasagna 


Alfredo  Sauce: 
1/2  lb.  sweet  or  salted  butter 
12  oz.  heavy  cream 
Fresh  ground  white  pepper 
1  1/2  cups  fresh  Parmesan,  grated 

Ricotta  Cheese  Mix: 

1  pint  Ricotta  cheese 

2  oz.  Romano,  grated 

3  oz.  Mozzarella,  shredded 
2  tbls.  green  onions,  sliced 

2  teas,  fresh  parsley,  chopped 

1/2  teas,  salt 

1/8  teas,  black  pepper 

1/4  teas,  dried  basil 

1/4  teas,  dried  oregano 

1  1/4  cups  Alfredo  sauce,  cooled 

Vegetable  Mix: 

4  cups  broccoli  florets 

2  cups  carrots,  sliced  1/4" 

4  cups  fresh  mushrooms,  sliced  1/4" 
2  cups  red  bell  peppers,  diced 
1  cup  green  bell  pepper,  diced 

1  cup  yellow  onion,  diced 

2  cups  zucchini,  sliced 

Lasagna  noodles 

18  slices  Mozzarella  cheese,  1/2  oz.  each 

Lay  out  enough  dry  lasagna  strips  in  a  9x13  pan  to 
ensure  you  have  enough  to  make  3  full  layers,  with 
very  little  overlap  on  each  layer.  Remove  the  dry 
strips  and  cook  according  to  package  instructions  until 
barely  "al  dente"  and  drain. 

ALFREDO  SAUCE:  Heat  water  to  a  boil  in  the  bottom  of 
a  double  boiler.  Add  butter,  cream  and  pepper  to  the 
top  pot  and  heat  until  butter  is  completely  melted, 
then  stir  in  Parmesan  until  melted  and  blended. 
Remove  top  pot  and  set  aside  to  cool.  Divide  the 

Olive  Garden  Lasagna  39 


E-Cookbooks  Copycat  Recipe  Sampler 

sauce  into  2  equal  portions.  Refrigerate  1  portion  for 
use  later. 

RICOTTA  CHEESE  MIX:  Combine  all  ingredients  in  a 
bowl  and  blend  thoroughly  with  a  rubber  spatula.  Set 
aside  at  room  temp. 

VEGETABLES:  Combine  all  veggies  and  mix  well. 

ASSEMBLY:  Coat  the  bottom  and  sides  of  a  9x13 
baking  dish  with  vegetable  spray.  Lay  out  cooked 
lasagna  strips  (about  4)  to  cover  entire  bottom. 
Spread  1-1/4  c  of  the  Ricotta  mix  evenly  over  the 
strips.  Top  with  8  c  of  veggie  mix  and  spread  out 
evenly.  Lay  out  9  of  the  mozzarella  slices  to  cover  the 
veggie  layer.  Repeat  this  layering.  Top  the  second 
layer  of  mozzarella  slices  with  lasagna  strips  and 
spread  them  evenly  with  1-1/4  c  ricotta  cheese  mix  to 
finish. 

COOKING:  Spray  a  sheet  of  foil  with  vegetable  spray 
and  cover  the  baking  dish  tightly  with  the  foil,  sprayed 
side  down.  Bake  in  a  preheated  375F  oven  for  about 
an  hour  or  until  the  internal  temp  is  165F.  Remove 
from  the  oven  and  allow  to  sit  for  a  few  minutes, 
covered,  before  cutting  and  serving.  Immediately  prior 
to  serving,  heat  the  reserved  portion  of  Alfredo  Sauce 
and  ladle  the  hot  sauce  over  each  slice  of  lasagna  as 
it  is  served. 


Olive  Garden  Lasagna  40 


Olive  Gardens  Fried  Mozzarella 

1  pound  block  of  mozzarella  cheese 

2  eggs,  beaten 
1/4  cup  water 

1  1/2  cups  Italian  bread  crumbs 
1/2  teaspoon  granulated  garlic 
1/2  teaspoon  dried  oregano 
1/2  teaspoon  dried  basil 
2/3  cup  flour 
1/3  cup  corn  starch 

Slice  the  block  of  cheese  lengthwise  into  about  1/2  inch 
sections.  Cut  each  section  in  half. 

Beat  the  eggs  with  water  and  set  aside.  Mix  the  bread  crumbs, 
garlic,  oregano,  and  basil  and  set  aside.  Blend  the  flour  with 
corn  starch  and  set  aside. 

Heat  vegetable  oil  for  deep  frying  to  350F.  Dip  cheese  in  flour 
then  in  egg  wash  and  then  coat  with  bread  crumbs.  Place  carefully 
in  hot  oil  and  fry  until  golden  brown.  This  should  only  take  a 
matter  of  seconds,  so  you  need  to  watch  them  closely. 
Drain  on  brown  paper  bags  and  serve  with  your  favorite  pasta 
sauce  that  has  been  warmed. 


Olive  Gardens  Fried  Mozzarella  41 


Olive  Garden  Sangria 


1 .5  Liters  Soleo  Red  Table  Wine 

10  oz.  Grenadine 

16  oz.  cranberry  juice  cocktail 

12  oz.  sweet  vermouth 

10  oz.  sugar  water  (5  oz.  sugar  diluted) 

Strawberries,  oranges,  and  crushed  ice 

This  makes  a  gallon.  Mix  all  ingredients  except  for  ice. 
Pour  sangria  in  glass  and  then  add  ice  and  fruit. 


Olive  Garden  Sangria  42 


Olive  Garden  Toasted  Ravioli 

1  -  16  oz.  Package  of  Meat  Filled  Ravioli 
(fresh  or  frozen,  but  unthaw  if  frozen  ) 

2  Eggs,  beaten 
1/4  cup  water 

1  teaspoon  garlic  salt 
1  cup  flour 

1  cup  bread  crumbs,  plain 
1  teaspoon  Italian  seasoning 

Mix  water  with  eggs  and  beat  well,  set  aside.  Mix  Italian  seasonings 
and  garlic  salt  with  the  bread  crumbs  and  set  this  aside.  Measure  flour 
in  bowl  and  set  aside. 

Heat  vegetable  oil  in  deep  fryer  or  skillet  to  350F  for  deep  frying. 
Dip  ravioli  in  flour  then  in  the  egg  wash  then  in  bread  crumbs  and 
carefully  place  in  hot  oil.  Fry  until  golden,  remove  from  oil  and 
drain.  Serve  with  your  favorite  marinara  sauce. 


Olive  Garden  Toasted  Ravioli  43 


Orange  Julius 


6  ounces  orange  juice,  from  frozen  concentrate,  unprepared 

1  cup  milk 

1  cup  water 

1/4  cup  sugar 

1  teaspoon  vanilla 

8  ice  cubes 

Combine  all  ingredients,  except  ice  cubes,  in  blender.  Blend 
1-2  minutes,  adding  ice  cubes  one  at  a  time,  until  smooth. 


Orange  Julius  44 


Outback  Steakhouse  Bloomin'  Onion 

4  Vidalia  or  Texas  Sweet  Onions 

Batter: 
1/3  cup  cornstarch 

1  1/2  cups  flour 

2  teaspoons  garlic,  minced 
2  teaspoons  paprika 

1  teaspoon  salt 

1  teaspoon  pepper 
24  oz.  beer 

Seasoned  Flour: 

2  cups  flour 

4  teaspoons  paprika 

2  teaspoons  garlic  powder 

1/2  teaspoon  pepper 

1/4  teaspoon  cayenne  pepper 

Mix  cornstarch,  flour,  and  seasonings  until  well  blended.  Add  beer, 
mix  well.  Cut  about  3/4"  off  top  of  onion  and  peel.  Cut  into  onion 
12  to  16  vertical  wedges,  but  do  not  cut  through  bottom  root  end. 
Remove  about  1"  of  petals  from  center  of  onion.  Dip  onion  in  seasoned 
flour  and  remove  excess  by  shaking.  Separate  petals  and  dip  in  batter 
to  coat  thoroughly.  Gently  place  in  fryer  basket  and  deep-fry  at 
375  to  400  1  1/2  minutes.  Turn  over,  and  fry  an  additional  1  1/2  minutes. 
Drain  on  paper  towels. 

Place  onion  upright  in  shallow  bowl  and  remove  center  core  with 
circular  cutter  or  apple  corer.  Serve  hot  with  Creamy  Chili  Sauce. 

Creamy  Chili  Sauce: 
1  pint  Mayonnaise 
1  pint  Sour  cream 
1/2  cup  chili  sauce 
1/2  teaspoon  cayenne  pepper 


Outback  Steakhouse  Bloomin'  Onion  45 


Outback  Steakhouse  Walkabout  Soup 

2  cups  thinly  sliced  yellow  sweet  onions 

2  tablespoons  butter 

14-  to  15-ounce  can  chicken  broth 

1/4  teaspoon  salt 

1/4  teaspoon  fresh  ground  pepper 

2  chicken  bouillon  cubes 

1/4  cup  diced  Velveeta  cubes  (compressed  in  a  measuring  cup) 
1  1/2  cups  white  sauce,  recipe  follows 
Shredded  Cheddar  cheese,  for  garnish 

In  2-quart  saucepan,  place  2  tablespoons  butter  and  sliced  onions. 
Cook  at  low  to  medium  heat,  stirring  frequently  until  soft  and  clear 
but  not  brown.  Add  chicken  broth  from  can,  chicken  bouillon  cubes, 
salt,  pepper  and  stir  until  completely  heated  through.  Add  white 
sauce  and  Velveeta  cheese.  The  white  sauce  will  be  thick  because 
it  has  been  removed  from  the  heat.  Simmer  on  medium  low  heat  until 
cheese  is  melted  and  all  ingredients  are  blended,  stirring  constantly. 
Turn  temperature  to  warm  and  let  cook  for  an  additional  30  minutes. 

Serve  with  a  garnish  of  shredded  Cheddar  cheese  and  a  couple  of 
slices  of  warm  dark  Russian  bread. 

Thick  white  sauce: 

3  tablespoons  butter 
3  tablespoon  flour 
1/4  teaspoon  salt 

1  1/2  cups  whole  milk 

In  1 -quart  saucepan,  melt  butter  and  add  flour,  cook  on  medium 
heat  until  flour  turns  thick  and  comes  away  from  side  of  saucepan. 
Pour  milk  into  flour  mixture  a  little  at  a  time  and  stir  constantly, 
taking  care  not  to  let  mixture  lump.  Set  aside  (off  the  heat)  until 
ready  to  use  in  the  soup. 


Outback  Steakhouse  Walkabout  Soup  46 


Pay  Day  Candy  Bars 


5  caramel  squares 

1/4  cup  milk 

1  teaspoon  peanut  butter 

1  tablespoon  corn  syrup 

1/2  teaspoon  vanilla 

1/2  teaspoon  salt 

1  1/4  cups  powdered  sugar 

20  caramel  squares 

1  tablespoon  water 

2  cups  dry  roasted  peanuts  (slightly  crushed) 

Combine  the  first  six  ingredients  in  a  sauce  pan.  Cook  over  low  heat 
until  the  caramel  has  melted  and  stirs  smooth.  Add  3/4  cup  powdered 
sugar  and  stir  to  mix  in.  Reserve  the  remaining  sugar. 
Turn  heat  to  medium  high.  Using  a  candy  thermometer,  cook  caramel 
mixture  until  exactly  230F  while  stirring  often.  Remove  from  heat, 
let  cool  for  a  few  minutes,  and  add  remaining  powdered  sugar.  Use 
a  hand  mixer  to  beat  in  the  sugar  for  a  couple  minutes.  Let  candy 
cool  for  20  minutes.  Divide  candy  into  eight  equal  pieces  and  form 
each  into  4  inch  logs.  Place  on  wax  paper  and  let  cool  for  one  hour. 
In  a  double  boiler,  add  remaining  caramels  and  water.  Melt  until 
smooth.  Remove  from  heat,  but  keep  hot  water  under  the  caramel  so 
it  doesn't  firm  up.  Use  a  pastry  brush  to  coat  one  of  the  logs  with 
hot  caramel.  Roll  in  peanuts  in  a  shallow  dish.  If  any  spots  are 
not  completely  covered  in  peanuts,  apply  more  caramel  and  stick 
back  in  peanuts.  Repeat  with  the  remaining  logs. 
Allow  to  cool  completely  before  eating. 


Pay  Day  Candy  Bars  47 


Pepperidge  Farm  Sausalito  Cookies 

1  pound  butter,  softened 

2  eggs 

2  teaspoons  vanilla 

1  1/2  cups  granulated  sugar 

1  1/2  cups  brown  sugar 

1  teaspoon  baking  powder 

1  1/2  teaspoons  baking  soda 

1  teaspoon  salt 

5  cups  flour 

1  1/2  12  oz.  packages  semi  sweet  choc,  chips 

3  cups  chopped  macadamia  nuts 

Cream  butter,  eggs,  and  vanilla  in  bowl.  In  a  different  bowl,  sift 
together  the  sugars,  baking  powder,  baking  soda,  salt  and  flour. 
Combine  the  dry  mixture  with  the  egg/butter  mixture.  Add  the 
chocolate  chips  and  nuts.  Shape  into  1  inch  balls,  place  1  inch 
apart  on  ungreased  cookie  sheet.  Bake  at  375F  for  10  to  1 1  min. 


Pepperidge  Farm  Sausalito  Cookies  48 


P.F.  Chang's  Lettuce  Wraps 

8  dried  shiitake  mushrooms 

1  Teaspoon  cornstarch 

2  Teaspoon  dry  sherry 
2  Teaspoon  water 
salt  and  pepper 

1-1/2  pounds  boneless,  skinless  chicken 
5  Tablespoon  oil 

1  Teaspoon  fresh  minced  ginger 

2  cloves  garlic,  minced 
2  green  onions,  minced 

2  small  dried  chilis,  (optional) 
8  Ounce  can  bamboo  shoots,  minced 
8  Ounce  can  waterchestnuts,  minced 
1  package  cellophane  Chinese  rice  noodles, 
prepared  according  to  package 

Cooking  Sauce: 
1  Tablespoon  Hoisin  sauce 
1  Tablespoon  soy  sauce 

1  Tablespoon  dry  sherry 

2  Tablespoon  oyster  sauce 
2  Tablespoon  water 

1  tsp.  sesame  oil 

1  tsp.  sugar 

2  tsp.  cornstarch 

Iceburg  lettuce  "cups" 

Cover  mushrooms  with  boiling  water,  let  stand  30  minutes  then 
drain.  Cut  and  discard  woody  stems.  Mince  mushrooms.  Set  aside. 
Mix  all  ingredients  for  cooking  sauce  in  bowl,  and  set  aside. 
In  medium  bowl,  combine  cornstarch,  sherry  water,  soy  sauce, 
salt,  pepper,  and  chicken.  Stir  to  coat  chicken  thoroughly. 
Stir  in  1  tsp.  oil  and  let  sit  15  minutes  to  marinate.  Heat  wok 
or  large  skillet  over  medium  high  heat.  Add  3  TBSP  oil,  then  add 
chicken  and  stir  fry  for  about  3-4  minutes.  Set  aside. 
Add  2  TBSP  oil  to  pan.  Add  ginger,  garlic,  chilies  (if  desired), 
and  onion;  stir  fry  about  a  minute  or  so.  Add  mushrooms,  bamboo 
shoots  and  water  chestnuts;  stir  fry  an  additional  2  minutes. 
Return  chicken  to  pan.  Add  mixed  cooking  sauce  to  pan.  Cook  until 

P.F.  Chang's  Lettuce  Wraps  49 


E-Cookbooks  Copycat  Recipe  Sampler 

thickened  and  hot.  Break  cooked  cellophane  noodles  into  small 
pieces,  and  cover  bottom  of  serving  dish  with  them.  Then  pour 
chicken  mixture  on  top  of  noodles. 
Spoon  into  lettuce  leaf  and  roll. 


P.F.  Chang's  Lettuce  Wraps  50 


Pizza  Hut  Dessert  Pizza 


Pizza  Crust: 

1  cup  warm  (105F)  water 

2  cups  flour 

1-1/2  tablespoons  vegetable  oil 

3/4  cup  cake  flour 

1  teaspoon  salt 

1/4  teaspoon  active  dry  yeast 

Fruit  Filling: 

1  -  21  oz.  can  pie  filling  (cherry,  blueberry,  or  apple) 

Crumb  Topping: 

1/2  cup  flour 

1/2  cup  brown  sugar 

1/2  cup  quick  oats 

1/2  cup  firm  butter  or  margarine 

1  teaspoon  cinnamon 

Vanilla  Glaze: 

2  cups  powdered  sugar 

3  tablespoon  Milk 

1  tablespoon  Melted  margarine  or  butter 
1  teaspoon  vanilla 

Combine  yeast  and  warm  water  and  let  proof  for  3  minutes.  Add  to 
other  crust  ingredients  in  a  large  bowl  and  knead  for  10  minutes. 
Cover  with  plastic  wrap,  and  allow  to  rise  for  about  12  hours. 
Preheat  oven  to  500F.  Roll  the  dough  on  a  floured  surface  until  it 
is  about  the  diameter  for  your  1 6  inch  pizza  pan.  Place  in  pan  and 
form  the  dough  to  the  edge.  Brush  with  vegetable  oil  and  prick  with 
fork.  Prebake  for  3  minutes.  Remove  from  the  oven  and  spread  with 
pie  filling.  Mix  crumb  topping  ingredients  with  a  fork  or  pastry 
blender.  Spoon  over  pie  filling.  Return  pizza  to  the  oven  and 
continue  to  bake  for  10-15  minutes  or  until  crust  is  light  golden 
brown.  Remove  and  drizzle  with  vanilla  glaze. 


Pizza  Hut  Dessert  Pizza  51 


Prudhomme's  Poultry  Magic 

1  1/2  teaspoons  salt 

1/4  teaspoon  cayenne  pepper 

1/2  teaspoon  onion  powder 

1/4  teaspoon  granulated  garlic 

1/2  teaspoon  paprika 

1/4  teaspoon  ground  black  pepper 

1/4  teaspoon  rubbed  sage 

1/4  teaspoon  dried  thyme 

1/4  teaspoon  dried  oregano 

1/8  teaspoon  cumin 

Mix  all  ingredients  together  and  store  in  an  air  tight 
container.  Use  as  a  seasoning  for  chicken,  turkey,  or 
any  other  poultry. 


Prudhomme's  Poultry  Magic  52 


Red  Lobster's  Shrimp  Diablo 

3  lb.  Large  Uncooked  Shrimp  In  the  Shells  (no  heads) 
Milk 

1/2  lb.  Unsalted  Butter 
1  Jar  Kraft  BBQ  Sauce 
1/2  Cup  Ketchup 

1  Tablespoon  Fresh  Ground  Pepper 
1/4  Cup  Frank's  Red  Hot  Sauce 

Wash  shrimp  in  cool  water  and  remove  heads  if  needed. 
Soak  shrimp  in  milk  overnight. 

Mix  all  sauce  ingredients  in  a  sauce  pan  and  stir  until  boiling. 
Remove  from  heat  and  refrigerate  for  at  least  four  hours. 
Drain  milk  from  shrimp,  place  them  in  a  baking  pan,  and  cover 
evenly  with  the  sauce.  Let  stand  1  hour. 
Bake  uncovered  in  preheated  oven  (450F)  for  15  minutes 
(less  time  for  smaller  shrimp). 


Red  Lobster's  Shrimp  Diablo  53 


Red  Lobster's  Ultimate  Fondue 

1  cup  velveeta,  cubed 

1  cup  swiss  cheese  in  small  pieces 

1  can  Campbell's  condensed  cream  of  shrimp  soup 

1  cup  milk 

1/2  teaspoon  cayenne 

1/2  teapsoon  paprika 

1  broiled  lobster  tail  (or  1  1/2  cups  imitation)  -  chopped 

Combine  everything  but  the  lobster  in  a  medium  saucepan  and  cook 
over  low  heat  until  melted,  stirring  occasionally.  When  melted,  stir 
in  the  lobster  meat.  Garnish  with  diced  red  pepper,  if  desired,  and 
serve  with  french  bread. 


Red  Lobster's  Ultimate  Fondue  54 


Ruby  Tuesday's  White  Chicken  Chili 

6  cups  chicken  stock 

1  lb.  bag  great  northern  beans  (soaked  in  water  overnight) 

2  medium  onions,  chopped 

6  cups  diced  cooked  chicken 
2  jalapeno  peppers,  seeded  diced 
2  diced  chili  peppers 

1  1/2  teaspoons  oregano 

2  teaspoons  cumin 

1/4  teaspoon  cayenne  pepper 
2  garlic  cloves,  minced 
1  cup  salsa 

1  tablespoon  vegetable  oil 
salt  to  taste 

Simmer  beans,  half  the  onions,  and  half  the  garlic  for  2  hours  in 
the  chicken  stock  or  until  the  beans  soften,  stirring  frequently.  Add 
chicken  and  salsa.  Saute  pepper,  spices,  and  the  remaining  onions  and 
garlic  in  the  oil  and  add  to  the  chili.  Simmer  for  one  more  hour. 
Garnish  with  sour  cream  or  Monterey  Jack  cheese. 


Ruby  Tuesday's  White  Chicken  Chili  55 


Ruby  Tuesday's  Chicken  Quesadillas 

5  oz.  chicken  breast 
Italian  Dressing 
12  inch  flour  tortilla 
margarine 

1  cup  shredded  monterey  jack/cheddar  cheese 
1  Tablespoon  tomatoes,  diced 
1  Tablespoon  jalapeno  peppers,  diced 
Cajun  Seasoning  (to  taste) 
1/2  cup  shredded  lettuce 
1/4  cup  diced  tomatoes 
Sour  Cream 
Salsa 

Place  chicken  breast  in  a  bowl  with  enough  Italian  dressing  to 
coat;  allow  to  marinate  30  minutes,  refrigerated.  Grill  marinated 
chicken  until  done  in  a  lightly  oiled  pan.  Cut  into  3/4"  pieces 
and  set  aside. 

Brush  one  side  of  tortilla  with  margarine  and  place  in  frying  pan 
over  medium  heat.  On  one  half  of  tortilla,  add  cheese, 
1  Tbls.  tomatoes,  peppers,  and  Cajun  seasoning  in  that  order.  Make 
sure  to  spread  to  the  edge  of  the  half.  Top  with  diced  chicken, 
fold  empty  tortilla  side  on  top,  and  flip  over  in  pan  so  that 
cheese  is  on  top  of  chicken.  Cook  until  very  warm  throughout. 
Remove  from  pan  to  serving  plate  and  cut  into  six  equal  wedges 
on  one  side  of  plate.  On  the  other  side  put  lettuce,  topped  with 
1/4  cup  tomatoes,  and  then  topped  with  sour  cream.  Serve  your 
favorite  salsa  in  a  small  bowl  on  the  side. 


Ruby  Tuesday's  Chicken  Quesadillas  56 


Sbarro  Chicken  Francese 


5  -  boneless  5  oz.  chicken  breasts 
5  eggs 

3  oz.  Romano  cheese 
1  teaspoon  dried  parsley 
1  cup  flour 

pinch  of  white  pepper 
1  cup  chicken  stock 
1/2  pound  butter 
juice  from  2  lemons 

1  1/2  cups  oil  (10%  olive  oil,  90%  vegetable  oil) 
lemon  slices  and  chopped  fresh  parsley  for  garnish 

Pound  chicken  breasts  flat  and  cut  in  half.  Set  aside. 
Scramble  eggs  in  mixing  bowl.  Add  Romano  cheese,  parsley, 
and  white  pepper.  Blend  and  set  aside. 
Put  flour  in  a  large  shallow  bowl. 
In  a  skillet,  heat  oil  over  medium  heat.  Check 
temperature  by  dipping  a  corner  of  a  chicken  piece  in  oil. 
If  it  boils  slowly,  oil  is  ready. 

Coat  both  sides  of  a  piece  of  chicken  with  flour.  Dip  chicken 
in  egg  mixture,  making  sure  all  flour  is  covered  with  egg.  Let 
excess  egg  drip  off,  then  place  chicken  in  hot  oil.  Repeat 
with  4  more  pieces.  Fry  each  side  of  chicken  until  a  light 
blond  color.  Remove  from  oil  to  a  serving  plate  -  keep  warm. 
Repeat  with  other  chicken  pieces. 
Bring  chicken  stock  to  a  light  boil.  Add  butter,  stirring 
continuously,  until  melted.  Add  lemon  juice  and  cook  for 
1  minute  while  stirring  continuously. 
Pour  sauce  over  chicken  and  garnish  with  lemon  slices 
and  chopped  fresh  parsley. 


Sbarro  Chicken  Francese  57 


Sbarro  Rigatoni  Ala  Vodka 

2  lbs.  rigatoni 

24  oz.  canned  tomato  sauce  (plain) 

2  tablespoons  olive  oil 

2  cloves  fresh  garlic,  minced 

1/2  teaspoon  cracked  red  pepper 

1  tablespoon  salt 

1/2  teaspoon  black  pepper 

1  teaspoon  dried  basil 

1/2  quart  heavy  cream 

1  1/2  oz.  vodka 

1  oz.  grated  Romano  Cheese 

1  oz.  bacon  bits 

1/2  oz.  Italian  parsley,  chopped 

In  a  medium  sauce  pan,  heat  oil  until  hot.  Add  garlic  and 
saute  until  golden  brown.  Add  tomato  sauce,  salt,  red  pepper, 
black  pepper,  and  basil.  Cook  over  medium  heat,  stirring 
occasionally,  until  thoroughly  heated.  Add  heavy  cream  and 
vodka.  Stir  to  mix  and  cook  for  a  few  minutes. 
Boil  rigatoni  according  to  package  instructions  (do  not 
overcook).  In  a  mixing  bowl,  combine  drained  pasta  with 
cream  sauce.  Mix  thoroughly.  Transfer  to  a  serving  bowl 
and  sprinkle  with  grated  cheese,  bacon,  and  parsley. 
Serve  immediately. 


Sbarro  Rigatoni  Ala  Vodka  58 


Steak  &  Ale's  Burgundy  Mushrooms 

1  1/4  pounds  mushrooms 

2  quarts  water 

1/4  cup  lemon  juice 

4  tablespoons  margarine 

3/4  cup  yellow  onions,  diced 

1/2  cup  Burgundy 

1  tablespoon  beef  bouillon  granules 

1/4  teaspoon  garlic  powder 

1/3  teaspoon  ground  white  pepper 

Clean  and  thoroughly  dry  mushrooms.  Combine  water  and  lemon  juice 
in  covered  suacepan.  Bring  to  boil.  In  another  saucepan,  melt 
margarine  and  saute  onions  until  glassy  (about  5  minutes). 
In  a  bowl,  add  spices  and  bouillon  to  Burgundy.  Whisk  until  bouillon 
is  dissolved.  Add  wine  mixture  to  onions.  Simmer  over  medium  heat 
about  10  minutes  (until  alcohol  has  evaporated).  Remove  from  heat. 
Add  mushrooms  to  boiling  lemon  water.  Return  to  boil.  Remove  blanched 
mushrooms  from  heat  and  thoroughly  drain.  Add  mushrooms  to  wine  sauce 
and  stir  until  blended. 


Steak  &  Ale's  Burgundy  Mushrooms  59 


T.G.I  Friday's  Pot  Stickers 

Dough: 

2-1/2  cups  flour 
1/2  teaspoon  salt 
1  cup  hot  water 
1  tablespoon  shortening  or  oil 

Filling: 

1  pound  ground  pork 

2  tablespoon  soy  sauce 
1  tablespoon  sesame  oil 

1  teaspoon  grated  ginger 

pinch  of  sugar 

salt  and  pepper  to  taste 

3  green  onions,  chopped 
1  egg 

1  tablespoon  corn  starch 

1  can  water  chestnuts,  finely  chopped 

1  clove  garlic,  minced 

Dipping  Sauce: 
1/2  cup  soy  sauce 
1/4  cup  white  vinegar 
1  teaspoon  chili  oil 
1  green  onion,  chopped 

Combine  the  flour,  salt,  hot  water  and  shortening  in  a  bowl  and 
incorporate  into  a  smooth  dough.  Allow  the  dough  to  rest  for  20  minutes, 
covered.  Combine  the  filling  ingredients.  Combine  the  dipping  sauce  ingredients. 
Roll  the  dough  out  about  1/8  thick.  Use  a  biscuit  cutter  or  a  glass  to 
cut  out  3  inch  circles.  Brush  a  little  water  over  the  circles  and  place 
about  2  teaspoons  of  filling  in  center.  Fold  the  circles  in  half  and 
press  to  seal,  making  sure  to  squeeze  out  any  air.  Stand  the  dumplings 
up  on  the  folded  side  and  press  slightly  so  that  they  stand  up  nice. 
To  cook,  bring  a  pot  of  salted  water  to  boil,  and  boil  the  dumplings 
until  cooked  through,  about  5  minutes.  Drain  well.  The  dumplings  may 
be  frozen  at  this  point  for  future  use;  this  recipe  makes  about 
8  dozen.  Heat  a  skillet  with  about  2  tablespoon  oil  and  fry  the 
dumplings  on  one  side  only,  until  nicely  browned.  Drain  on  paper 
towels.  Serve  with  the  dipping  sauce. 


T.G.I  Friday's  Pot  Stickers  60 


T.J.  Cinnamon's  Cinnamon  Rolls 

Dough: 

2  pkgs.  active  dry  yeast 

1/2  cup  warm  water  (105  to  115  degrees) 

1/3  cup  sugar 

1/2  teaspoon  sugar 

4-5  cups  all-purpose  flour,  divided 

1  teaspoon  salt 

1  cup  milk,  scalded  and  cooled  to  1 10  degrees 
1/3  cup  vegetable  oil 

2  eggs,  room  temperature 

Filling: 

1/2  cup  butter  or  margarine,  softened 

1  cup  firmly  packed  brown  sugar 
1/2  cup  sugar 

2  tablespoons  cinnamon 

Icing: 

1  cup  confectioners'  sugar 
2-3  tablespoons  warm  milk 
1  teaspoon  vanilla 

For  dough,  dissolve  yeast  in  water  with  1/2  teaspoon  sugar.  Let 
stand  5  minutes.  In  mixing  bowl,  combine  3  cups  flour,  1/3  cup 
sugar  and  salt.  At  low  speed,  gradually  beat  in  milk,  oil,  eggs, 
and  yeast  mixture;  beat  until  well  blended.  Beat  in  additional 
flour  until  dough  pulls  away  from  sides  of  bowl. 

On  floured  surface,  knead  dough  until  smooth  and  elastic, 
8-10  minutes.  Place  in  greased  bowl,  turning  to  grease  top.  Cover 
and  let  rise  in  warm,  draft-free  area  until  doubled  in  bulk, 
about  1  hour. 

For  filling,  beat  all  ingredients  together  until  smooth. 
Set  aside.  Grease  2  (9-inch)  round  cake  pans.  On  lightly  floured 
surface,  roll  dough  into  an  18  X  10  inch  rectangle.  Spread  with 
filling.  Roll  tightly  from  long  side.  Cut  into  14  (1  1/4-inch) 
slices.  Place  1  roll  cut  side  up  in  center  of  each  pan.  Arrange 

T.J.  Cinnamon's  Cinnamon  Rolls  61 


E-Cookbooks  Copycat  Recipe  Sampler 

remaining  rolls  in  a  circle  of  6  around  center  roll.  Cover  and 
let  rise  until  doubled  in  bulk,  30  to  40  minutes. 

Preheat  oven  to  350  degrees.  Bake  25  to  30  minutes,  until  golden 
brown.  Cool  in  pans  10  minutes.  Invert  onto  wire  racks,  then  invert 
again  to  cool.  For  icing,  whisk  all  ingredients  until  smooth. 
Drizzle  over  cooled  rolls. 


T.J.  Cinnamon's  Cinnamon  Rolls  62 


York  Peppermint  Patties 


1  (14-ounce)  can  Eagle  Brand  Sweetened  Condensed  Milk 
(NOT  evaporated  milk) 
1  tablespoon  peppermint  extract 
green  or  red  food  coloring,  optional 
6  cups  confectioners'  sugar 
Additional  confectioners'  sugar 
1  16  oz.  bag  semi-sweet  chocolate  chips 

In  large  mixer  bowl,  combine  Eagle  Brand,  extract  and  food  coloring 
if  desired.  Add  6  cups  sugar;  beat  on  low  speed  until  smooth  and  well 
blended.  Turn  mixture  onto  surface  sprinkled  with  confectioners  sugar. 
Knead  lightly  to  form  smooth  ball.  Shape  into  1-inch  balls.  Place  2 
inches  apart  on  wax  paper-lined  baking  sheets.  Flatten  each  ball  into 
a  1  1/2  inch  patty.  Let  dry  1  hour  or  longer;  turn  over  and  let  dry 
at  least  1  hour. 

Melt  the  chocolate  chips  in  a  microwave  set  on  high  for  2  minutes. 
Stir  halfway  through  the  heating  time.  Melt  thoroughly,  but  do  not 
overheat.  Melting  the  chocolate  chips  can  also  be  done  using  a 
double-boiler  over  low  heat.  With  fork,  dip  each  patty  into  warm 
chocolate  (draw  fork  lightly  across  rim  of  pan  to  remove  excess 
coating).  Invert  onto  wax  paper-lined  baking  sheets;  let  stand  until 
firm.  Store  covered  at  room  temperature  or  in  refrigerator. 


York  Peppermint  Patties  63 


