Top  Secret  Recipes 


by  Todd  Wilbur 


Top  Secret  Recipes 

version  of 

Applebee's 

Baked  French  Onion  Soup 

Don't  even  try  to  find  this  one  on  the  menu  at  Applebee's,  because  it  isn't  there;  though  it's  the 
most  popular  soup  served  each  day  at  this  huge  restaurant  chain.  This  is  the  first  of  several  big- 
time  soup  clones  we'll  unveil  here  in  the  next  few  weeks  to  help  get  you  through  the  cold  winter 
months.  And  they're  all  a  cinch  to  make.  Just  be  sure  you  have  some  oven-safe  soup  bowls  for 
this  one,  since  we'll  have  to  broil  it  a  bit  before  serving.  Under  the  gooey  melted  provolone  of  the 
original  version  you  get  from  Applebee's  is  a  unique  round  crouton  that's  made  from  bread 
similar  to  a  hamburger  bun.  So  that's  exactly  what  we'll  use  in  our  clone. 

3  tablespoons  vegetable  oil 

6  medium  white  onions,  sliced 

8  cups  beef  broth  (Swanson  is  best) 

1  cup  water 

2  1/2  teaspoons  salt 

1/2  teaspoon  garlic  powder 

1/4  teaspoon  ground  black  pepper 

5  plain  hamburger  buns 

10  slices  provolone  cheese 

10  teaspoons  shredded  parmesan  cheese 

1.  Add  3  tablespoons  oil  to  a  large  soup  pot  or  saucepan  over  medium/high  heat.  Add  the  sliced 
onions  and  saute  for  20  minutes  until  the  onions  begin  to  soften  and  start  to  become  translucent. 
You  don't  want  them  to  brown. 


2.  Add  the  beef  broth,  water,  salt,  garlic  powder  and  black  pepper  to  the  pan  and  bring  mixture 
to  a  boil.  When  soup  begins  to  boil,  reduce  heat  and  simmer  for  45  minutes. 

3.  To  make  the  croutons  cut  off  the  top  half  of  each  top  of  the  hamburger  bun  so  that  the  bread  is 
the  same  thickness  as  the  bottom  half  of  each  bun.  Throw  the  tops  away.  Now  you  should  have  10 
round  pieces  of  bread  --  5  bottom  buns,  and  5  top  buns  with  the  tops  cut  off.  Preheat  oven  to  325 
degrees.  Place  the  bread  in  the  the  oven  directly  on  the  rack  and  bake  for  15  to  20  minutes  or 
until  each  piece  is  golden  brown  and  crispy.  Set  these  croutons  aside  until  you  need  them. 

4.  When  the  soup  is  done,  spoon  about  1  cup  into  an  oven-safe  bowl.  Float  a  crouton  on  top  of  the 
soup,  then  place  a  slice  of  provolone  cheese  on  top  of  the  crouton.  Sprinkle  1/2  teaspoon  of 
shredded  parmesan  cheese  over  the  provolone. 

5.  Place  the  bowl  into  your  oven  set  to  high  broil.  Broil  the  soup  for  5  to  6  minutes  or  until  the 
cheese  is  melted  and  starting  to  brown  (you  may  need  to  broil  longer  if  you  are  making  more 
than  one  bowl  at  a  time).  Sprinkle  an  additional  1/2  teaspoon  of  shredded  parmesan  cheese  over 
the  top  of  the  soup  and  serve.  Repeat  process  to  prepare  remaining  servings. 
(http://www.topsecretrecipes.com) 

Makes  10  servings. 


Top  Secret  Recipes 

version  of 

Benihana  Ginger  Salad  Dressing 

As  far  as  salad  dressings  go,  this  is  one  of  the  most  requested,  and  tasty.  At  the  Benihana 

chain  of  hibachi  grill  restaurants,  you  are  served  a  side  salad  before  your  meal  that  is  doused 

with  this  tangy,  slightly  sweet,  fresh  ginger  dressing.  This  Top  Secret  Recipes  version  of  that 

dressing  is  a  real  cinch  to  make,  once  you've  got  the  ingredients.  Just  dump  everything  into  a 

blender,  whiz  it,  and  you're  set.  Although  this  recipe  is  inspired  by  the  many  variations  of  the 

clone  recipe  that  are  floating  around  (and  that  I  have  received  by  e-mail),  you  should  know  that 

this  is  an  original  never-before  -published  creation  that  comes  closer  to  the  original  product  than 

any  other  version  I  have  seen.  See  what  you  think. 

1/2  cup  minced  onion 

1/2  cup  peanut  oil 

1/3  cup  rice  vinegar 

2  tablespoons  water 

2  tablespoons  minced  fresh  ginger 

2  tablespoons  minced  celery 

2  tablespoons  ketchup 

4  teaspoons  soy  sauce 

2  teaspoons  sugar 

2  teaspoons  lemon  juice 

1/2  teaspoon  minced  garlic 

1/2  teaspoon  salt 

1/4  teaspoon  black  pepper 


1.  Combine  all  ingredients  in  a  blender.  Blend  on  high  speed  for  about  30  seconds  or  until  all  of 
the  ginger  is  well- pureed,  (http://www.topsecretrecipes.com) 
Makes  1  3/4  cups. 


Top  Secret  Recipes 
version  of 
Boston  Market  Meatloaf 

If  you  already  have  a  recipe  that  claims  to  be  a  clone  for  this  delicious  meatloaf...you  can  now 
toss  it  out,  purge  if  from  your  hard  drive,  burn  all  hard  copies.  No  clone  recipe  that  I've  found 
yet  -  and  there  are  several  circulating  -  has  come  even  close  to  the  tender,  tasty  meatloaf  you 
can  get  from  this  popular  chain.  Don't  be  fooled!  To  make  a  REAL  clone,  first  thing  you've  got 
to  do  is  use  ground  sirloin,  just  as  the  restaurant  chain  does.  And  then  you  need  to  know  how  to 
make  the  special  sauce  that  goes  into  the  meatloaf  and  on  top  (no  it's  not  ketchup  and  it's  not  V- 
8).  And  there's  no  minced  onion  in  there  (just  look  at  it!),  or  onion  soup  mix  for  that  matter.  So, 

search  no  more  for  the  perfect  clone  of  Boston  Market's  tasty  meatloaf.  You've  now  got  the 
result  of  days  and  days  of  vigorous  testing.  Even  if  you  don't  normally  enjoy  meatloaf,  this  one 

you'll  be  a  cravin'. 

1  cup  tomato  sauce 

1 1/2  tablespoons  Kraft  original  barbecue  sauce 

1  tablespoon  granulated  sugar 

1 1/2  pounds  ground  sirloin  (10%  fat) 

6  tablespoons  all-purpose  flour 

3/4  teaspoon  salt 

1/2  teaspoon  onion  powder 

1/4  teaspoon  ground  black  pepper 

dash  garlic  powder 

1.  Preheat  oven  to  400  degrees. 

2.  Combine  the  tomato  sauce,  barbecue  sauce  and  sugar  in  a  small  saucepan  over  medium  heat. 
Heat  the  mixture  until  it  begins  to  bubble,  stirring  often,  then  remove  it  from  the  heat. 

3.  In  a  large  bowl,  add  all  but  2  tablespoons  of  the  tomato  sauce  to  the  meat.  Use  a  large  wooden 
spoon  or  your  hands  to  work  the  sauce  into  the  meat  until  it  is  very  well  combined. 

4.  Combine  the  remaining  ingredients  with  the  ground  sirloin-  flour,  salt,  onion  powder  and 
ground  pepper.  Use  the  wooden  spoon  or  your  hands  to  work  the  spices  and  flour  into  the  meat. 

5.  Load  the  meat  into  a  loaf  pan  (preferably  a  meatloaf  pan  with  two  sections  which  allows  the 
fat  to  drain,  but  if  you  don't  have  one  of  those  a  regular  loaf  pan  will  work).  Wrap  foil  over  the 
pan  and  place  it  into  the  oven  for  30  minutes. 

6.  After  30  minutes,  take  the  meatloaf  from  the  oven,  remove  the  foil  and,  if  you  aren't  using  a 
meatloaf  pan,  drain  the  fat. 

7.  Using  a  knife,  slice  the  meatloaf  all  the  way  through  into  8  slices  while  it  is  still  in  the  pan.  This 
will  help  to  cook  the  center  of  the  meatloaf.  Pour  the  remaining  2  tablespoons  of  sauce  over  the 
top  of  the  meatloaf,  in  a  stream  down  the  center.  Don't  spread  the  sauce. 


8.  Place  the  meatloaf  back  into  the  oven,  uncovered,  for  25-30  minutes  or  until  it  is  done.  Remove 
and  allow  it  to  cool  for  a  few  minutes  before  serving,  (http://www.topsecretrecipes.com) 
Serves  4. 


Top  Secret  Recipes 

version  of 

California  Pizza  Kitchen 

Dakota  Smashed  Pea  &  Barley  Soup 

Got  one  of  those  cool  hand  blenders?  You  know,  the  kind  of  gadget  that  used  to  be  pitched  on 
those  annoying  yet  compelling  late-night  infomercials?  It  comes  in  handy  for  this  recipe,  which 
requires  the  split  peas  to  be  smashed  into  a  smooth  consistency,  just  like  the  original.  If  you  don't 

have  a  hand  mixer,  a  standard  blender  works  just  fine.  This  soup  is  very  tasty  and  very  low  in 
fat.  And  the  barley  gives  it  a  special  chunky  consistency  and  added  flavor  that  isn't  found  in  most 

pea  soups. 

2  cups  split  peas 

6  cups  water 

2  14.5-ounce  cans  chicken  broth  (4  cups) 

1/3  cup  minced  onion 

1  large  clove  garlic,  minced 

2  teaspoons  lemon  juice 
1  teaspoon  salt 

1  teaspoon  granulated  sugar 
1/4  teaspoon  dried  parsley 
1/4  teaspoon  white  pepper 
dash  dried  thyme 

1/2  cup  barley 
6  cups  water 

2  medium  carrots,  diced  (about  1  cup) 
1/2  stalk  celery,  diced  (1/4  cup) 

Garnish 

chopped  green  onion 

1.  Rinse  and  drain  the  split  peas,  then  add  them  to  a  large  pot  with  6  cups  of  water,  chicken 
broth,  onion,  garlic,  lemon  juice,  salt,  sugar,  parsley,  pepper,  and  thyme.  Bring  to  a  boil,  then 
reduce  heat  and  simmer  for  75  minutes  or  until  the  peas  are  soft. 

2.  While  the  peas  are  cooking,  combine  the  barley  with  6  cups  of  water  in  a  saucepan.  Bring  to  a 
boil,  then  reduce  heat  and  simmer  for  75  minutes  or  until  the  barley  is  soft  and  most  of  the  water 
has  been  absorbed. 

3.  When  the  split  pea  mixture  has  become  a  thick  soup,  use  a  handheld  blender  to  puree  the  peas 
until  the  mixture  is  smooth.  You  may  also  use  a  standard  blender  or  food  processor  for  this  step, 
pureeing  the  soup  in  batches.  Alternately,  if  you  like,  you  may  skip  this  step,  keeping  the  soup 
rather  chunky.  It's  still  good  this  way,  just  not  as  smooth  as  the  real  thing. 

4.  Drain  the  barley  mixture  in  a  sieve  or  colander  and  add  it  to  the  split  pea  mixture.  Add  the 


carrots  and  celery  and  continue  to  simmer  the  soup  for  15  to  30  minutes  or  until  the  carrots  are 
tender.  Stir  occasionally.  Turn  off  the  heat,  cover  the  soup,  and  let  it  sit  for  10  to  15  minutes 
before  serving.  Garnish  each  serving  with  a  little  chopped  green  onion. 
(http://www.topsecretrecipes.com) 
Makes  8  servings. 

Top  Secret  Recipes 

version  of 

Chevys 

Garlic  Mashed  Potatoes 

This  easy-to-clone  dish  comes  with  many  of  the  tasty  entrees  at  the  restaurant  chain  or  can  be 

ordered  up,  pronto,  on  the  side.  It's  a  nice  clone  to  have  around  since  it  goes  well  with  so  many 

dishes,  Mexican  or  otherwise.  Just  give  yourself  the  time  to  bake  and  cool  the  potatoes.  Be  here 

at  TSR  next  week  for  a  big  clone  request  from  the  same  "always  fresh  ingredients"  Mexican  food 

chain.  It's  for  that  muy  delicioso  salsa,  baby!  Si,  si,  si.  See  you  then. 

4  medium/large  russet  potatoes 

1  tablespoon  butter 

1  tablespoon  minced  fresh  garlic  (3-4  cloves) 

3/4  cup  water 

1/2  cup  cream 

3/4  teaspoon  salt 

1/8  teaspoon  black  pepper 

1.  Preheat  oven  to  400  degrees. 

2.  Bake  the  potatoes  by  first  rubbing  them  lightly  with  oil  and  then  baking  them  in  the  preheated 
oven  for  1  hour  until  they  are  tender.  Cool. 

3.  Mash  potatoes  and  remove  about  half  of  the  skin.  You  want  to  leave  the  rest  in. 

4.  Melt  the  butter  in  a  large  suacepan  over  medium  heat,  then  add  garlic  and  saute  for  5  minutes. 

5.  Add  the  remaining  ingredients  to  the  pan  and  cook  for  5-10  minutes  while  stirring  often  until 
garlic  mashed  potatoes  are  very  hot.  (http://www.topsecretrecipes.com) 

Serves  4. 

Top  Secret  Recipes 

version  of 

Chili's  Calypso  Cooler 

Ever  order  one  of  those  expensive  specialty  drinks  off  those  shiny,  full-color  restaurant  table - 
stand  cards  and  wish  you  had  the  recipe?  Well,  this  is  one  of  those  drinks,  off  of  one  of  those 
cards,  from  the  popular  Chili's  chain.  It's  a  great  one  to  make  while  the  weather's  still  hot  (or 

anytime),  and  can  be  made  in  a  much  larger  quantity  for  a  party-time  punch  bowl...with  a 

punch. 


2  shots  Captain  Morgan  Spiced  Rum 

1  shot  peach  Schnapps 

1  shot  grenadine 

1  cup  orange  juice 

ice 

orange  wedge 

maraschino  cherry 

1.  Combine  the  rum,  peach  schnapps  orange  juice  and  grenadine  in  a  shaker.  Shake  well. 

2.  Pour  drink  over  ice  cubes  or  crushed  ice  in  a  big  glass.  Add  an  orange  wedge  and  a  cherry. 
(http://www.topsecretrecipes.com) 

Makes  one  drink. 


Top  Secret  Recipes 

version  of 

Chili's 

Southwestern  Vegetable  Soup 

If  you  like  a  soup  that's  packed  with  veggies,  that's  low  in  fat,  and  has  some  of  that 
Southwestern  zing  to  it,  this  is  the  one  for  you.  Just  toss  all  the  ingredients  in  a  pot  and  simmer. 
Garnish  with  some  shredded  cheese  and  crumbled  tortillas,  and  prepare  to  take  the  chill  off. 

6  cups  chicken  broth  (Swanson  is  best) 

1 14.5-ounce  can  diced  tomatoes,  with  juice 

1  cup  water 

1  cup  canned  dark  red  kidney  beans,  with  liquid 

1  cup  frozen  yellow  cut  corn 

1  cup  frozen  cut  green  beans 

1  4-ounce  can  diced  green  chilies 

1/2  cup  diced  Spanish  onion 

1/2  cup  tomato  sauce 

6  corn  tortillas,  minced 

1 1/2  teaspoons  chili  powder 

dash  garlic  powder 

Garnish 

1  cup  grated  cheddar/jack  cheese  blend 

1  cup  crumbled  corn  tortilla  chips 

1.  Combine  all  the  soup  ingredients  in  a  large  saucepan  or  soup  pot  over  high  heat.  Be  sure  to 
mince  the  corn  tortillas  into  small  pieces  with  a  sharp  knife  before  adding  them  to  the  soup. 

2.  Bring  soup  to  a  boil,  then  reduce  the  heat  and  simmer  for  45  minutes  to  1  hour,  or  until  the 
soup  has  thickened  and  tortilla  pieces  have  mostly  dissolved. 

3.  To  serve  soup  ladle  1 1/2  cups  into  a  bowl.  Sprinkle  a  heaping  tablespoon  of  the  grated 
cheddar/jack  cheese  blend  over  the  top  of  the  soup,  and  then  a  heaping  tablespoon  of  crumbled 


corn  tortilla  chips  over  the  cheese,  (http://www.topsecretrecipes.com) 
Makes  6  servings. 


Top  Secret  Recipes 

version  of 

Grandma's 

Oatmeal  Raisin 

Big  Cookies 

Grandma's  Cookie  Company  was  founded  back  in  1914  by  Foster  Wheeler,  but  it  wasn't  until 

1977  that  the  company  introduced  the  popular  Big  Cookie.  This  large,  soft  cookie  comes  two -to - 

a-pack  and  is  offered  in  several  varieties,  including  oatmeal  raisin.  Now  you  can  bake  up  a 

couple  batches  all  your  own  with  this  kitchen  clone.  Just  be  sure  not  to  over  do  it  in  the  oven. 

You  want  these  cookies  soft  and  chewy  when  cool  --just  like  a  happy  grandma  would  make  'em  - 

-  so  take  them  out  when  they  are  just  beginning  to  turn  light  brown  around  the  edges. 

1/2  cup  raisins 

1/3  cup  water 

1/2  cup  vegetable  shortening 

legg 

1 1/2  cups  dark  brown  sugar 

1 1/2  teaspoons  vanilla 

2  cups  all-purpose  flour 

1 1/4  cups  oats  (not  instant) 

2  teaspoons  baking  soda 

3/4  teaspoon  cinnamon 

1  teaspoon  salt 

1/2  cup  raisins 

1.  Preheat  oven  to  275  degrees. 

2.  Combine  raisins  with  water  in  a  food  processor  and  blend  on  high  speed  for  about  1  minute  or 
until  very  smooth 

3.  Combine  this  raisin  puree  with  the  vegetable  shortening,  egg,  brown  sugar  and  vanilla  in  a 
large  bowl.  Mix  well  with  electric  mixer  until  smooth. 

4.  In  a  separate  bowl,  combine  the  flour  with  the  oats,  baking  soda,  cinnamon  and  salt.  Pour  this 
dry  mixture  into  the  wet  mixture  and  mix  well  until  ingredients  are  incorporated.  Mix  in  raisins. 

5.  Roll  3  tablespoon  portions  of  the  dough  into  a  ball  in  your  hands  and  press  to  1/2-inch  flat  on 
an  ungreased  baking  sheet.  Bake  for  18-20  minutes.  Be  careful  not  to  overcook,  or  the  cookies 
will  not  be  chewy.  Store  in  a  sealed  container,  (http://www.topsecretrecipes.com) 

Makes  16  to  18  cookies. 


Top  Secret  Recipes 

version  of 

Hard  Rock  Cafe 

Cole  Slaw 


If  you  want  the  authentic  Hard  Rock  Cafe  Pig  Sandwich  experience,  you  just  have  to  serve 
your  clone  of  that  pulled-pork  sandwich  with  this  creamy,  delicious  cole  slaw  on  the  side.  Even  if 
you  don't  whip  up  the  sandwich,  you'll  want  to  dive  into  a  batch  of  this  secret  slaw.  It's  just  too 
easy  to  make,  and  Who  Wants  to  be  a  Millionaire?  isn't  on  tonight.  But  be  sure  to  let  the  stuff 
hibernate  in  the  fridge  for  a  day  or  two  after  you  toss  it.  That's  the  only  way  to  get  the  flavors  up 
to  dancing  the  perfect  tastebud  mambo. 

1  1/3  cups  mayonnaise 

3  tablespoons  white  vinegar 

2  tablespoons  plus  2  teaspoons  granulated  sugar 
2  tablespoons  milk 

dash  salt 

8  cups  chopped  cabbage  (1  head) 

1/2  cup  shredded  carrot 

1.  Combine  all  ingredients  except  the  cabbage  and  carrots  in  a  large  bowl  and  blend  until  smooth 
with  an  electric  mixer. 

2.  Add  cabbage  and  carrots  and  toss  well. 

3.  Cover  and  chill  overnight  in  the  refrigerator.  The  flavors  fully  de  velop  after  24  to  48  hours. 
(http://www.topsecretrecipes.com) 

Serves  6  to  8  as  a  side  dish. 


Top  Secret  Recipes 

version  of 

Hard  Rock  Cafe 

Homemade  Chicken  Noodle  Soup 

It's  the  chunkiest  dang  chicken  soup  you'll  ever  slurp  down  and  it  comes  from  the  first 
worldwide  theme  eatery  and  hip  hangout.  Crank  up  the  rock  'n  roll  and  throw  all  this  good  stuff 
into  a  pot  and  enjoy  this  final  secret  recipe  in  our  series  of  mouth-watering  soup  clones.  Bah-bye 

winter! 

1  pound  chicken  breast  fillets 
1  pound  chicken  thigh  fillets 


vegetable  oil 

2  tablespoons  butter 

1  cup  chopped  onion 
1/2  cup  diced  celery 
4  cups  chicken  stock 

2  cups  water 

1  cup  sliced  carrot 

1  teaspoon  salt 

1/2  teaspoon  cracked  black  pepper 
1/2  teaspoon  minced  fresh  parsley 

2  cups  egg  noodles 

Garnish 

minced  fresh  parsley 

1.  Preheat  oven  to  375  degrees. 

2.  Rub  a  little  vegetable  oil  over  the  surface  of  each  piece  of  chicken  and  arrange  them  on  a 
baking  sheet.  Bake  for  25  minutes.  Remove  the  chicken  from  the  oven  when  it's  done  and  set  it 
aside  to  cool. 

3.  Melt  the  butter  in  a  large  saucepan  or  dutch  oven  over  medium  heat.  Saute  the  onion  and 
celery  in  the  saucepan  for  just  4  to  5  minutes.  You  don't  want  to  brown  the  veggies. 

4.  Dice  the  chicken  and  add  it  to  the  pot  along  with  the  remaining  ingredients,  except  the 
noodles. 

5.  Bring  the  soup  to  a  boil,  reduce  the  heat  and  simmer  for  30  minutes  or  until  the  carrots  are 
soft. 

6.  Add  the  noodles  and  simmer  for  an  additional  15  minutes,  or  until  the  noodles  are  tender. 
Serve  with  a  pinch  of  minced  fresh  parsley  sprinkled  on  top.  (http://www.topsecretrecipes.com) 
Makes  6  servings. 


Top  Secret  Recipes 

version  of 
Hot  Dog  on  a  Stick 

Hot  Dog 

One  hot  summer  day  in  1946  Dave  Barham  was  inspired  to  dip  a  hot  dog  into  his  mother's 
cornbread  batter,  then  deep  fry  it  to  a  golden  brown.  The  first  Hot  Dog  on  a  Stick  was  born,  and 
Dave  soon  found  a  quaint  Santa  Monica,  California  location  near  the  beach  to  offer  his  new 

creation  along  with  a  tall  glass  of  ice-cold  lemonade  and  mustard  on  the  side. 
The  chain  uses  only  turkey  dogs  for  this  treat,  so  we'll  do  the  same.  Just  be  sure  you  find  the 
shorter  dogs,  not  "bun- length."  This  time  size  does  matter.  For  the  stick,  simply  snag  some  of  the 
disposable  wood  chopsticks  from  a  local  Chinese  or  Japanese  food  restaurant  next  time  you're 

there. 


2  cups  flour 

3/4  cup  corn  meal 

1/2  cup  sugar 

1  3/4  teaspoons  salt 

1  teaspoon  baking  soda 

1  3/4  cups  fat -free  milk 

2  egg  yolks,  slightly  beaten 
10  turkey  hot  dogs 

8-10  cups  of  vegetable  oil 
5  pairs  of  chopsticks 

1.  Preheat  oil  in  a  deep  pan  or  fryer  to  375  degrees. 

2.  Combine  the  flour,  corn  meal,  sugar,  salt  and  baking  soda  in  a  large  bowl. 

3.  Combine  the  milk  and  egg  yolks  to  the  dry  ingredients  and  mix  with  an  electric  mixer  on  high 
speed  until  batter  is  smooth. 

4.  Dry  off  the  hot  dogs  with  a  paper  towel.  Jab  the  thin  end  of  a  single  chopstick  about  halfway 
into  the  end  of  each  hot  dog. 

5.  When  the  oil  is  hot,  tip  the  bowl  of  batter  so  that  you  can  completely  coat  each  hot  dog.  Roll 
the  hot  dog  in  the  batter  until  it  is  entirely  covered  with  batter. 

6.  Hold  the  hot  dog  up  by  the  stick  and  let  some  of  the  batter  drip  off.  Quickly  submerge  the  hot 
dog  in  the  oil  and  spin  it  slowly  so  that  the  coating  cooks  evenly.  After  about  20  seconds  you  can 
use  a  lid  to  the  deep  fryer  or  pan  to  put  weight  on  the  stick,  keeping  the  hot  dog  fully  immersed 
in  the  oil.  You  can  cook  a  couple  dogs  at  a  time  this  way.  Cook  for  5-6  minutes  or  until  coating  is 
dark  brown.  Turn  them  once  or  twice  as  they  cook.  Drain  on  paper  towels  while  cooling,  and 
repeat  with  remaining  hot  dogs,  (www.topsecretrecipes.com) 

Makes  10  hot  dogs. 


Top  Secret  Recipes 

version  of 

I.H.O.P. 

Country  Griddle  Cakes 

This  nationwide  chain,  which  is  known  for  it's  big  bargain  breakfasts,  serves  an  impressive 

number  of  non- breakfast  items  as  well.  In  1997, 1.H.O.P.  dished  out  over  6  million  pounds  of 

french  fries  and  over  half  a  million  gallons  of  soft  drinks.  But  it's  the  Country  Griddle  Cakes  on 

the  breakfast  menu  that  inspired  this  Top  Secret  Recipe.  The  unique  flavor  and  texture  of  this 

clone  comes  from  the  Cream  of  Wheat  in  the  batter.  Now  you  can  have  your  pancakes,  and  eat 

your  cereal  too. 

nonstick  spray 

1 1/4  cups  all-purpose  flour 

1 1/2  cups  buttermilk 

1/3  cup  instant  Cream  of  Wheat  (dry) 

legg 

10 


1/3  cup  sugar 
1  teaspoon  baking  powder 
1  teaspoon  baking  soda 
1/4  cup  vegetable  oil 
1/2  teaspoon  salt 

1.  Preheat  a  skillet  over  medium  heat.  Apply  nonstick  spray. 

2.  Combine  all  ingredients  in  a  large  bowl  with  a  mixer  set  on  high  speed.  Mix  until  smooth. 

3.  Pour  the  batter  by  1/3 -cup  portions  into  the  hot  pan  and  cook  pancakes  for  1-2  minutes  per 
side  or  until  brown.  Repeat  with  remaining  batter,  (http://www.topsecretrecipes.com) 
Makes  8-10  pancakes. 

Top  Secret  Recipes 

version  of 

Pancakes  from 

International  House  of  Pancakes 

Even  though  the  early  press  runs  of  Top  Secret  Recipes  excluded  buttermilk  in  this  recipe  ~  a 

very  important  ingredient  if  you  really  wa  nt  pourable  batter  ~  many  figured  out  the  missing 

ingredient  on  their  own  and  the  error  was  quickly  corrected  in  later  copies.  Now  we  just  like  to 

call  those  copies  of  the  book  the  "Collector's  Editions."  For  any  of  you  who  were  lucky  enough  to 

get  one  of  the  "Collector's  Editions"  we'd  liked  to  say  "Congratulations!"  Now  here's  the  recipe, 

in  its  entirety,  to  make  pancakes  just  like  those  served  every  day  at  IHOP. 

Nonstick  Spray 

1 1/4  cups  all-purpose  flour 

legg 

1 1/4  cups  buttermilk 

1/4  cup  granulated  sugar 

1  heaping  teaspoon  baking  powder 

1  teaspoon  baking  soda 

1/4  cup  cooking  oil 

pinch  of  salt 

1.  Preheat  a  skillet  over  medium  heat.  Use  a  pan  with  a  nonstick  surface  or  apply  a  little 
nonstick  spray. 

2.  In  a  blender  or  with  a  mixer,  combine  all  of  the  remaining  ingredients  until  smooth. 

3.  Pour  the  batter  by  spoonfuls  into  the  hot  pan,  forming  5- inch  circles. 

4.  When  the  edges  appear  to  harden,  flip  the  pancakes.  They  should  be  golden  brown. 

5.  Cook  pancakes  on  the  other  side  for  same  amount  of  time,  until  golden  brown. 


11 


Top  Secret  Recipes 

version  of 

Kellogg's  Cocoa  Rice  Krispies  Treats 

It's  the  Rice  Krispies  Treat  for  all  you  chocolate  lovers.  By  simply  replacing  regular  Rice 
Krispies  with  Kellogg's  Cocoa  Krispies,  then  adding  a  bit  of  cocoa  to  the  recipe,  we  can  clone  the 
exact  flavor  of  the  product  you  otherwise  have  to  buy  in  boxes  in  the  grocery  store.  This  recipe 
makes  16  of  the  crunchy  brown  bars,  or  the  equivalent  of  two  boxes  of  the  real  thing. 

3  tablespoons  margarine 
1/4  teaspoon  salt 

5  cups  miniature  marshmallows 
1/2  teaspoon  vanilla 

4  teaspoons  cocoa 

6  cups  Cocoa  Krispies  cereal 
non-stick  cooking  spray 

1.  Combine  margarine  and  salt  in  a  large  saucepan  over  low  heat. 

2.  When  margarine  has  melted,  add  marshmallows  and  vanilla  and  stir  until  marshmallows  have 
melted.  Add  cocoa  and  stir  well.  Remove  from  heat. 

3.  Add  Cocoa  Krispies  and  stir  until  the  cereal  is  well-coated  with  the  melted  marshmallow 
mixture. 

4.  Spray  a  9x13- inch  baking  dish  with  a  light  coating  of  non-stick  cooking  spray.  Pour  the 
mixture  into  the  dish  and,  using  wax  paper  or  lightly  greased  hands,  press  down  until  it's  flat  in 
the  dish.  Cool.  Slice  into  16  bars,  (http://www.topsecretrecipes.com) 

Makes  16  bars. 


Top  Secret  Recipes 
version  of 

KFC 
Cole  Slaw 

If  you've  ever  seen  a  clone  recipe  for  KFC  Cole  Slaw  floating  around  on  the  Internet,  it 

probably  looks  like  this.  That's  because  this  formula  has  become  one  of  the  most  copied  &  pasted 

recipes  from  the  first  book,  "Top  Secret  Recipes."  It's  also  one  of  the  most  requested  recipes  on 

the  TSR  Message  Board.  So,  to  fulfill  all  those  requests,  and  to  stake  claim  to  a  recipe  that's 

rarely  sourced  as  a  TSR  original,  here's  the  killer  recipe  to  clone  the  world's  best  slaw.  And, 

because  I  love  to  out -clone  the  "copycats",  I'm  going  to  take  it  one  step  further.  Tune  in  next 

week  for  an  original  version  of  this  clone  recipe  that  tastes  just  like  the  real  thing  but  includes 

only  five  ingredients...and  is  completely  fat  free!  Don't  believe  it?  Be  here  next  Monday. 

8  cups  finely  chopped  cabbage  (about  1  head) 
1/4  cup  shredded  carrot  (1  medium  carrot) 

12 


2  tablespoons  minced  onion 

1/3  cup  granulated  sugar 

1/2  teaspoon  salt 

1/8  teaspoon  pepper 

1/4  cup  milk 

1/2  cup  mayonnaise 

1/4  cup  buttermilk 

1 1/2  tablespoons  white  vinegar 

2  1/2  tablespoons  lemon  juice 

1.  Be  sure  cabbage  and  carrots  are  chopped  up  into  very  fine  pieces  (about  the  size  of  rice). 

2.  Combine  the  sugar,  salt,  pepper,  milk,  mayonnaise,  buttermilk,  vinegar,  and  lemon  juice  in  a 
large  bowl  and  beat  until  smooth. 

3.  Add  the  cabbage,  carrots,  and  onion,  and  mix  well. 

4.  Cover  and  refrigerate  for  at  least  2  hours  before  serving. 
Serves  10-12.  (http://www.topsecretrecipes.com) 


Top  Secret  Recipes 

version  of 

KFC 

Macaroni  &  Cheese 

Here's  a  clone  for  another  of  KFC's  famous  side  dishes.  We'll  use  easy-to-melt  Velveeta  as  the 
main  ingredient  for  the  cheese  sauce  with  its  very  smooth  texture.  Then  a  bit  of  cheddar  cheese  is 
added  to  give  the  sauce  a  sharp  cheddary  zing  like  the  original.  It's  a  very  simple  recipe  that  will 
take  only  15  minutes  to  prepare.  That's  great  news  if  you're  a  lazy  cook  like  me  who  wants  to  dig 

right  into  the  tasty  vittles. 

6  cups  water 

1 1/3  cups  elbow  macaroni 

4  ounces  Velveeta  cheese 

1/2  cup  shredded  cheddar  cheese 

2  tablespoons  whole  milk 

1/4  teaspoon  salt 

1.  Bring  water  to  a  boil  over  high  heat  in  a  medium  saucepan.  Add  elbow  macaroni  to  the  water 
and  cook  it  for  10  to  12  minutes  or  until  tender,  stirring  occasionally. 

2.  While  the  macaroni  is  boiling,  prepare  the  cheese  sauce  by  combining  the  remaining 
ingredients  in  a  small  saucepan  over  low  heat.  Stir  often  as  the  cheese  melts  into  a  smooth 
consistency. 

3.  When  the  macaroni  is  done,  strain  it  and  then  pour  it  back  into  the  same  pan,  without  the 
water. 

4.  Add  the  cheese  sauce  to  the  pan  and  stir  gently  until  the  macaroni  is  well -coated  with  the 
cheese.  Serve  immediately  while  hot.  (http://www.topsecretrecipes.com) 

Makes  about  3  servings. 


13 


Top  Secret  Recipes 

version  of 

KFC 

Potato  Salad 

Here's  a  simple  clone  for  the  potato  salad  that  is  purchased  as  a  side  dish  from  America's 

largest  fast  food  chicken  chain.  Some  of  the  skin  is  left  on  the  potatoes  in  the  real  thing,  so  you 

don't  have  to  peel  them  too  thoroughly  (great  news  for  lazy  cooks  like  me!).  Just  be  sure  to  chop 

your  potatoes  into  cubes  that  are  approximately  1/2-inch  thick,  and  then  let  the  salad  marinate 

for  at  least  4  hours  so  that  the  flavors  can  properly  develop.  If  you  let  the  salad  chill  overnight,  it 

tastes  even  better.  Tune  in  for  more  KFC  clone  recipes  each  week  this  month! 

2  pounds  russet  potatoes 

1  cup  mayonnaise 

4  teaspoons  sweet  pickle  relish 
4  teaspoons  sugar 

2  teaspoons  minced  white  onion 
2  teaspoons  prepared  mustard 

1  teaspoon  vinegar 
1  teaspoon  minced  celery 
1  teaspoon  diced  pimentos 
1/2  teaspoon  shredded  carrot 
1/4  teaspoon  dried  parsley 
1/4  teaspoon  pepper 
dash  salt 

1.  Lightly  peel  the  potatoes  (you  don't  have  to  get  all  of  the  skin  off)  then  chop  them  into  bite-size 
pieces  and  boil  in  6  cups  of  boiling,  salted  water  for  7-10  minutes.  The  potato  chucks  should  be 
tender,  yet  slightly  tough  in  the  middle  when  done.  Drain  and  rinse  potatoes  with  cold  water. 

2.  In  a  medium  bowl,  combine  remaining  ingredients  and  whisk  until  smooth. 

3.  Poured  drained  potatoes  into  a  large  bowl.  Pour  the  dressing  over  the  potatoes  and  mix  until 
well-combined. 

4.  Cover  and  chill  for  at  least  4  hours.  Overnight  is  best,  (http://www.topsecretrecipes.com) 
Makes  6  cups  (about  8  servings). 


14 


Top  Secret  Recipes 

version  of 

Kraft 

Shake 'n  Bake 

(Original) 

Need  a  recipe  that  copies  Shake'n  Bake  in  a  pinch?  Or  maybe  you  don't  feel  like  coughing  up 
the  dough  for  the  real  thing.  Here's  the  TSR  solution  for  a  quick  clone  that  will  give  you  the  same 
texture  and  flavor  of  Kraft  Shake'n  Bake  using  very  common  ingredients.  You  may  notice  the 
color  is  a  bit  different  in  this  clone  when  compared  to  the  real  thing.  That's  because  this  recipe 

doesn't  include  beet  powder  --  a  hard-to-find  ingredient  that  lends  a  dark  orange  tint  to  the 
original.  But  sink  your  teeth  into  the  chicken  (baked  the  same  way  as  described  on  the  Shake'n 

Bake  box)  and  you'll  swear  it's  the  same  stuff. 

1/2  cup  plus  1  tablespoon  corn  flake  crumbs 

2  teaspoons  all-purpose  flour 

1  teaspoon  salt 

1/4  teaspoon  paprika 

1/4  teaspoon  sugar 

scant  1/4  teaspoon  garlic  powder 

scant  1/4  teaspoon  onion  powder 

1.  Combine  all  ingredients  in  a  small  bowl  and  stir  to  combine. 

2.  Prepare  chicken  following  the  same  technique  as  described  on  the  box  of  the  original  mix 
using  2  1/2  lb.  of  bone  -in  chicken  (6  to  8  pieces,  with  or  without  skin)  or  2  lb.  boneless  skinless 
chicken  breast  halves  Preheat  your  oven  to  400  degrees,  then  moisten  the  chicken  with  water. 
Use  a  large  plastic  bag  for  the  coating  and  use  the  same  steps  as  described  on  the  original 
package: 

"Shake  moistened  chicken,  1  to  2  pieces  at  a  time,  in  shaker  bag  with  coating  mixture.  Discard 
any  remaining  mixture  and  bag.  Bake  at  400  degrees  in  ungreased  or  foil-lined  15xl0xl-inch 

baking  pan  until  cooked  through  ~ 
BONE-IN:  45  minutes/BONELESS:  20  minutes" 

Serves  4.  (http://www.topsecretrecipes.com) 


15 


Top  Secret  Recipes 

version  of 

Lawry's 

Seasoned  Salt 

"Shake  on  meat,  poultry,  fish,  and  eggs.  Accent  vegetables,  salads  and  popcorn.  Use  while 
cooking,  or  at  the  table."  reads  the  label  of  one  of  America's  most  popular  spice  blends.  This 
seven-ingredient  clone  of  Lawry's  Seasoned  Salt  can  be  made  in  a  small  bowl,  but  is  best  used 
when  poured  into  an  old  spice  bottle  that  you've  cleaned  out  and  saved.  You've  got  one  of  those 

somewhere,  right? 

2  tablespoons  salt 

2  teaspoons  sugar 

1/2  teaspoon  paprika 

1/4  teaspoon  turmeric 

1/4  teaspoon  onion  powder 

1/4  teaspoon  garlic  powder 

1/4  teaspoon  cornstarch 

1.  Combine  all  ingredients  in  a  small  bowl  and  mix  well. 

2.  Pour  blend  into  an  empty  spice  bottle  to  store,  (http://www.topsecretrecipes.com) 
Makes  1/4  cup. 


Top  Secret  Recipes 

version  of 

Lone  Star  Steakhouse  Baked  Sweet  Potato 

It  saddles  on  up  next  to  your  entree  at  this  huge  steakhouse  chain,  but  it's  not  what  it  claims 

to  be.  Sure,  the  menu  says  "baked  sweet  potato,"  but  you're  actually  getting  a  sweet  and  tender 

red-skinned  yam  underneath  all  that  yummy  melted  butter  and  cinnamon/sugar.  And  don't  just 

get  any  yam  for  this  top  secret  clone.  You  want  to  use  garnet  yams,  if  you  have  a  choice.  Then  be 

sure  to  cook  them  long  enough  that  the  sugar  in  the  yams  begins  to  squirt  out  and  burn  in  a 

couple  of  spots.  Each  yam  should  be  tender,  but  not  mushy.  The  skin  on  the  outside  will  turn 

from  red  to  greyish- brown,  and  inside  it  will  be  a  hearty  shade  of  black. 

4  garnet  yams 

3  tablespoons  granulated  sugar 
1 1/2  teaspoons  cinnamon 
1/2  cup  whipped  butter 


1.  Preheat  oven  to  400  degrees.  Bake  yams  for  1 1/2  to  2  hours.  When  they  are  done,  they  will  be 
very  soft  in  the  center,  and  you  will  see  liquid  from  the  potato  oozing  out  and  charring.  When  the 

16 


potato  is  sliced  open,  the  inside  of  the  skin  will  be  charred  black  from  the  caramelizing  sugar  in 

the  potato.  This  is  a  perfectly  cooked  potato. 

3.  To  serve,  slice  a  potato  down  the  center.  Add  two  tablespoons  of  whipped  butter,  then  sprinkle 

some  cinnamon/sugar  over  the  top.  (http://www.topsecretrecipes.com) 

Makes  4  servings. 


Top  Secret  Recipes 

version  of 

Lone  Star  Steakhouse  Chili 

When  the  weather  gets  cold  it's  time  to  fire  up  the  stovetop.  This  chain  makes  a  tasty  chili  that 
warms  the  bones  on  a  nippy  fall  day.  This  clone  recipe  is  easy-to-make,  low  fat  and  delicious. 
And  if  it's  super  brisk  outside,  you  might  want  to  add  an  additional  tablespoon  of  diced  jalapeno 

to  aggressively  stoke  those  internal  flames. 

1  pound  ground  beef 

1  diced  onion 

1  tablespoon  diced  fresh  jalapeno  pepper 

1 15-ounce  can  kidney  beans  with  liquid 

1 14.5-ounce  can  peeled  diced  tomatoes 

1  8-ounce  can  tomato  sauce 

1  cup  water 

1  tablespoon  white  vinegar 

1  teaspoon  salt 

1  teaspoon  chili  powder 

1/4  teaspoon  garlic  powder 

1  bay  leaf 

Garnish 

grated  cheddar  cheese 

diced  onion 

canned  whole  jalapeno  chili  peppers 


1.  Brown  ground  beef  in  a  large  saucepan  over  medium  heat.  Drain  fat. 

2.  Add  onion  and  pepper  and  saute  for  about  two  minutes. 

3.  Add  remaining  ingredients  and  simmer  for  1  hour,  stirring  occasionally.  Serve  one  cup  in  a 
bowl  with  the  optional  cheese,  diced  onion  and  whole  jalapeno  garnish  on  top. 
(http://www.topsecretrecipes.com) 

Makes  4  servings. 


17 


Top  Secret  Recipes 

version  of 

Mimi's  Cafe  Carrot  Raisin  Bread 

It's  dark,  moist  and  delicious.  And  it  comes  in  a  bread  basket  to  your  table  at  this  French- 

themed  west  coast  casual  restaurant.  Now  the  tastiest  carrot  bread  ever  can  be  yours  to  create  at 

home  with  a  couple  of  grated  carrots,  molasses,  raisins  and  chopped  walnuts.  You'll  be  baking 

this  one  in  the  oven  for  at  least  an  hour.  That  should  be  enough  time  to  warm  up  the  house  and 

send  amazing  smells  wafting  through  every  room.  Line  the  carpet  with  newspaper  to  catch  the 

family  drool. 

1 1/2  cups  all-purpose  flour 

1  teaspoon  cinnamon 

1  teaspoon  baking  powder 

1  teaspoon  baking  soda 

1  teaspoon  salt 

1  cup  vegetable  oil 

1  cup  plus  2  tablespoons  granulated  sugar 

3  eggs 

1/4  cup  molasses 

1/2  teaspoon  vanilla  extract 

1  cup  shredded  carrot 

1  cup  raisins 

3/4  cup  chopped  walnuts 


1.  Preheat  oven  to  350  degrees. 

2.  Combine  flour,  cinnamon,  baking  powder,  baking  soda,  and  salt  in  a  large  mixing  bowl. 

3.  In  another  bowl,  combine  oil,  sugar,  eggs,  molasses,  and  vanilla  with  an  electric  mixer.  Add 
shredded  carrot  and  mix.  Add  raisins  and  walnuts  and  mix  well  by  hand. 

4.  Pour  flour  mixture  into  the  other  ingredients  and  stir  until  combined. 

5.  Pour  batter  into  two  ungreased  8-inch  loaf  pans.  Bake  for  60  minutes,  or  until 
done,  (http://www.tops  ecretrecipes.com) 

Makes  2  loaves. 


18 


Top  Secret  Recipes 

version  of 

Mimi's  Cafe 

French  Market  Onion  Soup 

You  might  not  imagine  a  tough  World  War  II  flying  ace  would  open  a  restaurant  called 

"Mimi's,"  but  that's  exactly  what  happened  in  the  70's.  Arthur  J.  Simms  flew  spy  missions  over 

France  during  the  war  and  helped  liberate  a  small  French  town  near  Versailles.  After  the  war 

Arthur  ran  the  commissary  at  MGM  studios  in  Hollywood,  stuffing  the  bellies  of  big-time  celebs 

like  Judy  Garland,  Clark  Gable  and  Mickey  Rooney.  He  later  joined  his  son  Tom  in  several 

restaurant  ventures  including  one  called  "French  Quarter"  in  West  Hollywood.  This  was  the 

prototype  for  the  French-themed  Mimi's  Cafe.  In  1978,  the  first  Mimi's  opened  in  Anaheim, 

California.  Today  there's  over  40  Mimi's  in  the  chain  with  a  new  one  opening  every  other  week; 

all  of  them  serving  this  amazing  onion  soup  that  can  now  be  part  of  your  culinary  repertoire. 

Oui! 

1/4  cup  butter 

3  medium  white  onions,  sliced 

3  14-ounce  cans  beef  broth  (Swanson  is  best) 

1  teaspoon  salt 

1/4  teaspoon  garlic  powder 

3  tablespoons  Kraft  grated  parmesan  cheese 

6  to  12  slices  French  bread  (baguette) 

6  slices  Swiss  cheese 

6  slices  mozzarella  cheese 

6  tablespoons  shredded  parmesan  cheese 


1.  Saute  onions  in  melted  butter  in  a  large  soup  pot  or  saucepan  for  15  to  20  minutes  or  until 
onions  begin  to  brown  and  turn  transparent. 

2.  Add  beef  broth,  salt  and  garlic  powder  to  onions.  Bring  mixture  to  a  boil,  then  reduce  heat  and 
simmer  uncovered  for  1  hour.  Add  the  grated  parmesan  cheese  in  the  last  10  minutes  of  cooking 
the  soup. 

3.  When  soup  is  done,  preheat  oven  to  350  degrees  and  toast  the  French  bread  slices  for  about  10 
to  12  minutes  or  until  they  begin  to  brown.  When  bread  is  done,  set  oven  to  broil. 

4.  Build  each  serving  of  soup  by  spooning  about  1  cup  of  soup  into  an  oven-safe  bowl.  Float  a 
toasted  slice  or  two  of  bread  on  top  of  the  soup,  then  add  a  slice  of  Swiss  cheese  on  top  of  that. 
Place  a  slice  of  mozzarella  on  next  and  sprinkle  1  tablespoon  of  shredded  parmesan  cheese  over 
the  top  of  the  other  cheeses. 

5.  Place  the  soup  bowl  on  a  baking  sheet  and  broil  for  5  to  6  minutes  or  until  the  cheese  begins  to 
brown,  (http  ://www.topsecretrecipes.com) 

Makes  6  servings. 


19 


Top  Secret  Recipes 

version  of 

Olive  Garden 

Pasta  e  Fagioli 

It's  amazing  how  many  lousy  clones  for  this  delicious  chili-like  soup  from  Olive  Garden  are 
floating  around  on  the  Web.  Some  are  shared  on  message  boards,  others  are  displayed  on  sites  in 

a  collection  of  "actual  restaurant  recipes"  (yeah,  right!).  But  they  all  leave  out  obvious 
ingredients  you  can  see,  like  the  carrots,  ground  beef,  or  two  kinds  of  beans.  Others  don't  get  the 

pasta  right  --  it's  obviously  ditali  pasta  (short  little  tubes).  Then  there's  the  recipe  that  really 

squeezed  the  seeds  from  my  gourd  -  one  that's  floating  around  in  MasterCook  format  that  lists 

"Top  Secret  Recipes"  as  the  source.  But,  wait  a  minute!  I've  never  before  created  a  clone  for  this 

dish  --  not  here  on  the  site,  and  not  in  any  book.  So,  after  logging  some  time  over  a  chopping 

block,  an  open  flame,  and  a  couple  tasty  glasses  of  Merlot,  out  popped  this  puppy.  And  this  is  the 

one,  kitchen  doners!  If  you  want  the  taste  of  Pasta  e  Fagioli  at  home,  this  is  the  only  recipe  that 

will  fool  in  a  side  -by-side  taste  test.  Accept  no  other  imitation  imitation! 

1  pound  ground  beef 

1  small  onion,  diced  (1  cup) 

1  large  carrot,  julienned  (1  cup) 
3  stalks  celery,  chopped  (1  cup) 

2  cloves  garlic,  minced 

2  14.5-ounce  cans  diced  tomatoes 

1 15-ounce  can  red  kidney  beans  (with  liquid) 

1 15-ounce  can  great  northern  beans  (with  liquid) 

1 15-ounce  can  tomato  sauce 

1 12-ounce  can  V-8  juice 

1  tablespoon  white  vinegar 

1 1/2  teaspoons  salt 

1  teaspoon  oregano 

1  teaspoon  basil 

1/2  teaspoon  pepper 

1/2  teaspoon  thyme 

1/2  pound  (1/2  pkg.)  ditali  pasta 

1.  Brown  the  ground  beef  in  a  large  saucepan  or  pot  over  medium  heat.  Drain  off  most  of  the  fat. 

2.  Add  onion,  carrot,  celery  and  garlic  and  saute  for  10  minutes. 

3.  Add  remaining  ingredients,  except  pasta,  and  simmer  for  1  hour. 

4.  About  50  minutes  into  simmer  time,  cook  the  pasta  in  1 1/2  to  2  quarts  of  boiling  water  over 
high  heat.  Cook  for  10  minutes  or  just  until  pasta  is  al  dente,  or  slightly  tough.  Drain. 

5.  Add  the  pasta  to  the  large  pot  of  soup.  Simmer  for  5-10  minutes  and  serve. 
(http://www.topsecretrecipes.com) 

Serves  8. 


20 


Top  Secret  Recipes 

version  of 

Outback  Steakhouse  Caesar  Salad  Dressing 

Ask  and  you  shall  receive.  To  answer  many  requests,  I've  whipped  up  this  killer  clone  for  the 
mouth-watering  caesar  salad  dressing  from  America's  favorite  steakhouse  chain.  You  can't  buy 
it  in  the  stores,  but  now  you  can  make  it  from  scratch  in  mere  minutes.  Best  of  all,  this  dressing 
keeps  for  weeks  and  weeks  in  the  fridge  in  a  covered  container  (if  it's  even  around  that  long). 

1  cup  mayonnaise 
1/4  cup  egg  substitute 

1/4  cup  grated  parmesan  cheese 

2  tablespoons  water 

2  tablespoons  olive  oil 

1 1/2  tablespoons  lemon  juice 

1  tablespoon  anchovy  paste 

2  cloves  garlic,  pressed 
2  teaspoons  sugar 

1/2  teaspoon  coarse  ground  pepper 

1/4  teaspoon  salt 

1/4  teaspoon  dried  parsley  flakes,  crushed  fine 

1.  Combine  all  ingredients  in  a  medium  bowl.  Use  an  electric  mixer  to  beat  ingredients  for  about 
1  minute. 

2.  Cover  bowl  and  chill  for  several  hours  so  that  flavors  can  develop. 
(http://www.topsecretrecipes.com) 

Makes  approximately  2  cups. 


Top  Secret  Recipes 

version  of 

Snapple  Iced  Tea 

(Lemon  Flavor) 

Here's  a  quick  and  easy  recipe  for  the  brand  of  ice  tea  that  hit  the  market  and  quickly  blew 
away  competitors  Lipton  and  Nestea.  Between  1988  and  1992  Snapple  tea  sales  increased  a 
whopping  1,300  percent.  And  if  you  like  Snapple  ice  tea,  you'll  find  this  recipe  will  save  you  some 
cash.  While  a  16-ounce  bottle  of  Snapple  tea  costs  around  $1.00,  this  top  secret  clone  cost  about 

15  cents  --  for  the  same  amount. 

2  quarts  (8  cups)  water 

3  Lipton  tea  bags  (orange  pekoe  and  pekoe  cut  black  tea  blend) 
3/4  cup  granulated  sugar 

1/3  cup  plus  2  tablespoons  lemon  juice 

21 


1.  Boil  the  water  in  a  large  saucepan  over  high  heat. 

2.  When  the  water  comes  to  a  rapid  boil,  turn  off  the  heat,  put  the  tea  bags  into  the  water,  and 
cover. 

3.  After  the  tea  has  steeped  about  1  hour,  pour  the  sugar  into  a  2 -quart  pitcher,  then  add  the  tea. 
The  tea  should  still  be  warm,  so  the  sugar  will  dissolve  easily. 

4.  Add  the  lemon  juice.  Chill,  (http://www.topsecretrecipes.com) 
Makes  2  quarts. 

(Check  the  book  More  Top  Secret  Recipes  for  4  other  flavors  of  this  clone  for  Snapple  Iced  Tea, 
including  orange,  strawberry,  cranberry  and  diet  lemon!) 


Top  Secret  Recipes 

version  of 

Sonic  Cherry  Limeade 

Here's  the  signature  drink  from  the  chain  that's  reviving  the  drive-up  burger  joint,  just  like  a 
scene  out  of  American  Graffitti  or  Happy  Days.  At  this  growing  chain  you  pull  up  to  a  stall  and 
servers  bring  food  out  to  your  car  as  they  did  in  the  40's  and  50's.  This  recipe  makes  a  simple 
old-fashioned  drink  by  combining  7- Up  with  cherry  juice  and  some  wedges  of  lime.  Very 

refreshing!  (according  to  Potsy). 

1  cup  Sprite 

1/4  cup  cherry  juice  (Libby  is  good) 

2-3  lime  wedges  (each  1/8  lime) 

1.  Pour  Sprite  into  a  glass  over  ice. 

2.  Add  cherry  juice. 

3.  Add  2-3  lime  wedges,  squeezing  slightly  before  dropping  each  one  in. 
(http://www.topsecretrecipes.com) 

Serves  1. 


Top  Secret  Recipes 

version  of 

The  Soup  Nazi's 

Cream  of  Sweet  Potato  Soup 


New  Yorkers  have  lined  up  around  the  block  for  years  now  to  get  a  hot  cup  of  Al  Yeganeh's 

delicious  soup  at  Soup  Kitchen  International.  Many  are  familiar  with  the  demands:  "Pick  the 

soup  you  want!",  "Have  your  money  ready!",  and  "Move  to  the  extreme  left  after  ordering!" 

Customers  know  if  they  don't  stick  to  the  rules,  they'll  be  quickly  scolded  and  may  not  get 

served;  even  after  waiting  for  as  long  as  two  hours  to  get  to  the  front  of  the  line.  This  is  precisely 

22 


how  the  non-smiling  Yeganeh  was  portrayed  by  actor  Larry  Thomas  in  Seinfeld  episode  number 
115,  when  he  forever  became  known  as  the  "Soup  Nazi."  (That's  the  real  guy  in  the  picture,  as 

cheerful  as  ever.) 

In  response  to  many  e-mails  over  the  last  several  weeks,  TSR  will  be  celebrating  the  final  days  of 
TV's  "show  about  nothing",  with  a  special  tribute.  Starting  this  week,  and  until  the  final  show  on 
May  14,  TSR  will  present  a  new  weekly  kitchen  clone  for  the  Soup  Nazi's  most  popular  creations. 
I'll  kick  it  all  off  with  this  Cream  of  Sweet  Potato  Soup,  and  the  next  several  recipes  will  come 
each  Thursday  night  (including  this  week),  until  Seinfeld  is  no  more.  In  addition  to  the  recipes, 
I'll  share  more  about  the  Soup  Nazi,  including  my  very  brief  interview  with  the  guy,  which  ended 
when  I  was  sternly  reprimanded.  But  at  least  I  still  got  my  soup.  And  just  like  in  the  show,  it  was 
indescribably  delicious. 

4  sweet  potatoes  (about  1  pound  each) 

8  cups  water 

1/3  cup  butter 

1/2  cup  tomato  sauce 

2  tablespoons  half  and  half 

2  teaspoons  salt 

1/8  teaspoon  pepper 

dash  thyme 

1  cup  cashews  (split  in  half) 

1.  Preheat  oven  to  375  degrees.  Bake  the  sweet  potatoes  for  45  minutes  or  until  they  are  soft. 
Cool  the  potatoes  until  they  can  be  handled. 

2.  Peel  away  the  skin,  then  put  the  potatoes  into  a  large  bowl.  Mash  the  potatoes  for  15-20 
seconds,  but  you  don't  need  to  mash  them  until  they  are  entirely  smooth. 

3.  Spoon  the  mashed  sweet  potato  into  a  large  saucepan  over  medium/high  heat,  add  the 
remaining  ingredients  and  stir  to  combine. 

4.  When  the  soup  begins  to  boil,  reduce  the  heat  and  simmer  for  50-60  minutes.  Cashews  should 
be  soft.  Serve  hot  with  an  attitude,  (http://www.topsecretrecipes.com) 

Makes  6-8  servings. 


Top  Secret  Recipes 

version  of 

Swiss  Miss 

Fat-Free  Tapioca  Pudding 

When  the  first  instant  hot  cocoa  mix  was  developed  in  the  fifties,  it  was  available  only  to  the 

airlines  in  individual  portions  for  passengers  and  was  called  Brown  Swiss.  This  mix  was  so 

popular  that  the  company  packaged  it  for  sale  in  the  grocery  stores  and  changed  the  name  to 

Swiss  Miss.  In  the  seventies,  the  first  Swiss  Miss  Puddings  were  introduced  and  quickly  became 

the  leader  of  dairy  case  puddings.  When  the  fat-free  versions  of  the  puddings  were  introduced 

some  23  years  later,  they,  too,  would  become  a  popular  favorite. 

23 


No  sugar  needs  to  be  added  to  this  recipe  that  recreates  one  of  the  best-tasting  brands  of  fat- 
free  pudding  on  the  market.  The  condensed  milk  is  enough  to  sweeten  the  pudding;  plus  it 
provides  a  creamy  consistency,  which,  along  with  the  cornstarch,  helps  replace  fat  found  in  the 
full-fat  version  of  this  tasty  tapioca  treat.  It's  a  simple  recipe  to  make  and  you  won't  even  "miss" 

the  fat. 

2  tablespoons  cornstarch 

2  1/2  cups  fat -free  milk 

1/2  cup  sweetened  condensed  skim  milk 

dash  salt 

2  1/2  tablespoons  instant  tapioca 

1/2  teaspoon  vanilla  extract 

1.  Combine  the  cornstarch  with  the  fat-free  milk  in  a  medium  saucepan  and  whisk  thoroughly  to 
dissolve  the  cornstarch. 

2.  Add  the  condensed  milk,  salt,  and  tapioca  to  the  pan.  Stir  until  smooth  and  then  set  the  pan 
aside  for  5  minutes. 

3.  After  5  minutes,  bring  the  mixture  to  a  boil  over  medium/low  heat,  stirring  constantly  until  it 
thickens,  then  cover  and  remove  from  the  heat.  Let  the  pudding  sit,  covered,  for  20  minutes. 

4.  Stir  in  the  vanilla,  then  transfer  the  pudding  to  serving  cups.  Cover  the  cups  with  plastic  wrap 
and  let  them  chill  for  at  least  2  to  3  hours  before  serving. 

Nutrition  Facts 
Serving  size  -  3/4  cup 
Total  servings  -  4 
Fat  (per  serving)  -  Og 
Calories  (per  serving)  -  140 


Top  Secret  Recipes 

version  of 

Original  Tommy's  World  Famous  Hamburgers 

This  clone  recipe  may  be  for  the  whole  hamburger,  but  anybody  who  knows  about  Tommy's 

goes  there  for  the  chili  --  and  that's  the  part  of  this  clone  they  really  want.  That's  also  the  part 

that  required  the  most  kitchen  sleuthing.  Turn  out  it's  an  old  chili  con  carne  recipe  created  back 

in  1946  by  Tommy's  founder,  Tommy  Koulax,  for  his  first  hamburger  stand  on  the  corner  of 

Beverly  and  Rampart  Boulevards  in  Los  Angeles.  Adding  the  right  combination  of  water  and 

flour  and  broth  and  spices  to  the  meat  we  can  create  a  thick  tomato -less  chili  sauce  worthy  of  the 

gajillions  of  southern  California  college  students  that  make  late-night  Tommy's  runs  a  four-year 

habit.  And  if  you  don't  live  near  one  of  the  two -dozen  Tommy's  outlets,  you  can  still  get  a  gallon 

of  Tommy's  famous  chili  shipped  to  you.  But  I  hope  you  really  dig  the  stuff:  You'll  shell  out 

around  70  bucks  for  the  dry  ice  packaging  and  overnight  shipping.  And  don't  expect  to  see  the 

ingredients  on  the  label  since  the  chili  comes  packed  in  a  gallon-size  mustard  jug. 


24 


Chili 

1  pound  ground  beef  (not  lean)* 
1/4  cup  flour  plus  1 1/4  cups  flour 
1 1/3  cups  beef  broth 

4  cups  water 

3  tablespoons  chili  powder 

2  tablespoon  grated  (and  then  chopped)  carrot 

1  tablespoon  white  vinegar 

2  teaspoons  dried  minced  onion 

2  teaspoons  salt 

1  teaspoons  granulated  sugar 

1  teaspoon  paprika 

1/4  teaspoon  garlic  powder 

3  pounds  ground  beef 
8  hamburger  buns 

16  slices  Kraft  cheddar  cheese  Singles 

1/2  cup  diced  onion 

32  to  40  hamburger  pickles  (slices) 

8  slices  large  beefsteak  tomato  (1/2-inch  thick) 

1/4  cup  yellow  mustard 

1.  Prepare  the  chili  by  first  browning  the  meat  in  a  large  saucepan  over  medium  heat.  Crumble 
the  meat  as  it  browns.  When  the  meat  has  been  entirely  cooked  (7  to  10  minutes),  pour  the  meat 
into  a  strainer  over  a  large  cup  or  saucepan  Let  the  fat  drip  out  of  the  meat  for  about  5  minutes, 
then  return  the  meat  back  to  the  first  saucepan.  Cover  and  set  aside. 

2.  With  the  fat  from  the  meat,  we  will  now  make  a  roux  —  a  French  contribution  to  thicker 
sauces  and  gravies  usually  made  with  fat  and  flour.  Heat  the  drippings  in  a  saucepan  over 
medium  heat  (you  should  have  drained  off  around  1/2  cup  of  the  stuff).  When  the  fat  is  hot,  add 
1/4  cup  flour  to  the  pan  and  stir  well.  Reduce  heat  to  medium/low,  and  continue  to  heat  the  roux, 
stirring  often  until  it  is  a  rich  caramel  color.  This  should  take  from  10  to  15  minutes.  Add  the 
beef  broth  to  the  pan  and  stir.  Remove  from  heat. 

3.  Meanwhile,  back  at  the  other  pan,  add  the  water  to  the  beef,  then  whisk  in  the  remaining  1 1/4 
cups  flour.  Add  the  roux/broth  mixture  and  the  other  chili  ingredients  and  whisk  until  blended. 
Make  sure  your  grated  carrot  is  chopped  up  to  the  size  of  rice  before  you  add  it. 

4.  Crank  the  heat  up  to  medium/high.  Stir  often  until  you  see  bubbles  forming  on  the  surface  of 
the  chili.  Turn  the  heat  down  to  medium/low,  and  continue  to  simmer  for  15  to  20  minutes,  or 
until  thick.  The  chili  should  be  calmly  bubbling  like  lava  as  it  simmers.  When  it's  done  cooking, 
take  the  chili  off  the  heat,  cover  it,  and  let  it  sit  for  30  minutes  to  an  hour  before  using  it  on  the 
burgers.  It  should  thicken  to  a  tasty  brown  paste  as  it  sits. 

5.  To  make  your  hamburgers,  you'll  first  divide  3  pounds  of  hamburger  into  16  portions  of  3 
ounces  each.  Grill  the  burgers  on  in  a  hot  skillet  or  on  an  indoor  griddle  for  4  to  5  minutes  per 
side  or  until  done.  Use  some  salt  and  pepper  on  each  patty. 

6.  Build  the  burgers  by  lightly  toasting  the  faces  of  the  hamburger  buns.  Turn  them  over  into  a 
hot  skillet  or  a  griddle  on  medium  heat. 

7.  Place  one  patty  onto  the  bottom  bun. 

8.  Position  two  slices  of  cheese  on  the  meat. 

9.  Place  another  beef  patty  on  the  cheese. 

10.  Spoon  about  1/3  cup  of  chili  onto  the  beef  patty. 

25 


11.  Sprinkle  about  1  tablespoon  of  diced  onion  onto  the  chili. 

12.  Arrange  4  to  5  pickle  slices  on  the  onion. 

13.  Place  a  thick  slice  of  tomato  on  next. 

14.  Spread  mustard  over  the  face  of  the  top  bun  and  top  off  your  hamburger  by  turning  this  bun 
over  onto  the  tomato,  (http://www.topsecretrecipes.com) 

Makes  8  burgers.  (6  cups  of  chili.) 

*Tidbits 
Make  sure  the  ground  beef  you  use  has  a  fat  content  of  at  least  20  percent.  This  way  you'll  be 

sure  to  get  enough  fat  to  make  the  roux. 


Top  Secret  Recipes 

version  of 

Tony  Roma's 

Baked  Potato  Soup 

Menu  Description:  "A  house  specialty  full  of  baked  potatoes  and  topped  with  Cheddar  cheese, 

bacon  and  green  onions." 

The  thick -and-creamy  texture  and  rich  taste  of  Tony  Roma's  best-selling  soup  can  be  easily 
cloned  with  basic  ingredients.  This  TSR  version  is  thickened  with  a  little  flour,  some  half-and- 
half  and,  most  notably,  instant  mashed  potatoes.  Give  yourself  an  hour  to  bake  the  potatoes  and 
around  30  minutes  to  prepare  the  soup.  Garnish  each  serving  with  shredded  cheese,  crumbled 
bacon  and  green  onions  and  you  will  have  a  home  kitchen  Tony  Roma's  recreation  that  will 
surely  impress. 

2  medium  potatoes  (about  2  cups  chopped) 

3  tablespoons  butter 

1  cup  diced  white  onion 

2  tablespoons  flour 

4  cups  chicken  stock 
2  cups  water 

1/4  cup  cornstarch 

1 1/2  cups  instant  mashed  potatoes 

1  teaspoon  salt 

3/4  teaspoon  pepper 

1/2  teaspoon  basil 

1/8  teaspoon  thyme 

1  cup  half  and  half 

Garnish 

1/2  cup  shredded  cheddar  cheese 

1/4  cup  crumbled  cooked  bacon 

2  green  onions,  chopped  (green  part  only) 


26 


1.  Preheat  oven  to  400  degrees  and  bake  the  potatoes  or  1  hour  or  until  done.  When  potatoes 
have  cooked  remove  them  from  the  oven  to  cool. 

2.  As  potatoes  cool  prepare  soup  by  melting  butter  in  a  large  saucepan,  and  saute  onion  until 
light  brown.  Add  the  flour  to  the  onions  and  stir  to  make  a  roux. 

3.  Add  stock,  water,  cornstarch,  mashed  potatoes,  and  spices  to  the  pot  and  bring  to  a  boil. 
Reduce  heat  and  simmer  for  5  minutes. 

4.  Cut  potatoes  in  half  lengthwise  and  scoop  out  contents  with  a  large  spoon.  Discard  skin.  Chop 
baked  potato  with  a  large  knife  to  make  chunks  that  are  about  1/2- inch  in  size. 

5.  Add  chopped  baked  potato  and  half-and-half  to  the  saucepan,  bring  soup  back  to  a  boil,  then 
reduce  heat  and  simmer  the  soup  for  another  15  minutes  or  until  it  is  thick. 

6.  Spoon  about  1 1/2  cups  of  soup  into  a  bowl  and  top  with  about  a  tablespoon  of  shredded 
cheddar  cheese,  a  half  tablespoon  of  crumbled  bacon  and  a  teaspoon  or  so  of  chopped  green 
onion.  Repeat  for  remaining  servings,  (http://www.topsecretrecipes.com) 

Serves  6  to  8. 


Top  Secret  Recipes 

version  of 

Wendy's  Chili 

Here's  a  favorite  recipe  for  chili  that  clones  the  stuff  served  at  the  Wendy's  chain.  Dave 
Thomas,  Wendy's  founder,  has  been  serving  this  chili  since  1969,  he  year  the  first  Wendy's 
opened  its  doors.  Over  the  years  the  recipe  has  changed  a  bit,  but  this  version  here  is  an  amazing 
copy  of  the  version  of  chili  served  in  the  early  90 's.  Try  topping  it  with  some  chopped  onion  and 
cheddar  cheese,  as  you  can  request  in  the  restaurant. 

2  pounds  ground  beef 

One  29-ounce  can  tomato  sauce 

One  29-ounce  can  kidney  beans  (with  liquid) 

One  29-ounce  can  pinto  beans  (with  liquid) 

1  cup  diced  onion  (1  medium  onion) 
1/2  cup  diced  green  chili  (2  chilies) 
1/4  cup  diced  celery  (1  stalk) 

3  medium  tomatoes,  chopped 

2  teaspoons  cumin  powder 

3  tablespoons  chili  powder 

1 1/2  teaspoons  black  pepper 
2  teaspoons  salt 
2  cups  water 

1.  Brown  the  ground  beef  in  a  skillet  over  medium  heat;  drain  off  the  fat. 

2.  Using  a  fork,  crumble  the  cooked  beef  into  pea-size  pieces. 

3.  In  a  large  pot,  combine  the  beef  plus  all  the  remaining  ingredients,  and  bring  to  a  simmer  over 
low  heat.  Cook,  stirring  every  15  minutes,  for  2  to  3  hours,  (http://www.topsecretrecipes.com) 

Makes  about  12  servings. 

27 


Tidbits 

For  spicier  chili,  add  1/2  teaspoon  more  black  pepper. 

For  much  spicier  chili,  add  1  teaspoon  black  pepper  and  a  tablespoon  cayenne  pepper. 
And  for  a  real  stomach  stinger,  add  5  or  6  sliced  jalapeno  peppers  to  the  pot. 
Leftovers  can  be  frozen  for  several  months. 


Top  Secret  Recipes 

version  of 

Wendy's 

Spicy  Chicken  Fillet  Sandwich 

There  once  was  a  time  when  Wendy's  offered  this  sandwich  for  a  "limited- time -only." 

Apparently  the  tasty  zing  from  this  breaded  chicken  sandwich  won  it  many  loyal  customers  and 

a  permanent  place  on  the  fast-food  chain's  menu.  Now  you  can  recreate  the  spicy  kick  of  the 

original  with  a  secret  blend  of  spices  in  the  chicken's  crispy  coating.  Follow  the  same  stacking 

order  as  the  original,  and  you've  just  made  4  sandwich  clones  at  a  fraction  of  the  cost  of  the  real 

thing. 

6-8  cups  vegetable  oil 

1/3  cup  Frank's  Original  Red  Hot  Pepper  Sauce 

2/3  cup  water 

1  cup  all-purpose  flour 

2  1/2  teaspoons  salt 

4  teaspoons  cayenne  pepper 

1  teaspoon  coarse  ground  black  pepper 

1  teaspoon  onion  powder 

1/2  teaspoon  paprika 

1/8  teaspoon  garlic  powder 

4  chicken  breast  fillets 

4  plain  hamburger  buns 

8  teaspoons  mayonnaise 

4  lettuce  leaves 

4  tomato  slices 

1.  Preheat  6-8  cups  of  oil  in  a  deep  fryer  to  350  degrees. 

3.  Combine  the  pepper  sauce  and  water  in  a  small  bowl. 

4.  Combine  the  flour,  salt,  cayenne  pepper,  black  pepper,  onion  powder,  paprika  and  garlic 
powder  in  another  shallow  bowl. 

5.  Pound  each  of  the  chicken  pieces  with  a  mallet  until  about  3/8 -inch  thick.  Trim  each  breast 
fillet  if  necessary  to  help  it  fit  on  the  bun. 

6.  Working  with  one  fillet  at  a  time,  coat  each  piece  with  the  flour,  then  dredge  it  in  the  diluted 
pepper  sauce.  Coat  the  chicken  once  again  in  the  flour  mixture  and  set  it  aside  until  the  rest  of 
the  chicken  is  breaded. 

28 


7.  Fry  the  chicken  fillets  for  8-12  minutes  or  until  they  are  light  brown  and  crispy.  Remove  the 
chicken  to  a  rack  or  to  paper  towels  to  drain. 

8.  As  chicken  is  frying,  prepare  each  sandwich  by  grilling  the  face  of  the  hamburger  buns  on  a 
hot  skillet  over  medium  heat.  Spread  about  2  teaspoons  of  mayonnaise  on  the  face  of  each  of  the 
inverted  top  buns. 

9.  Place  a  tomato  slice  onto  the  mayonnaise,  then  stack  a  leaf  of  lettuce  on  top  of  the  tomato. 

10.  On  each  of  the  bottom  buns,  stack  one  piece  of  chicken. 

11.  Flip  the  top  half  of  each  sandwich  onto  the  bottom  half  and  serve  hot. 
(http://www.topsecretrecipes.com) 

Makes  4  sandwiches. 


29 


