E-Cookbooks  Mexican  Recipe  Sampler 


VJJE  Publishing  Co. 


E-Cookbooks  Mexican  Recipe  Sampler 

Table  of  Contents 

Introduction 1 

Personalized  Cooking  Aprons 2 

Arroz  Blanco. 3 

Baked  Tamales. 4 

Carne  Asada 5 

Chalupas. 6 

Chiles  Rellenos 7 

Chipotle  Sauce 8 

Enchiladas 9 

Frijoles  Charros 10 

Guacamole. 11 

Menudo 12 

Paella 13 

Pay  De  Nuez  Pecan  Pie 14 

Pork  Carnitas. 15 

Pork  Loin  Vampiro. 16 

Puchero. 17 

Ropa  Vieja. 19 

Salpicon. 20 

Sopaipillas 21 

Taco  Salad 22 

Verde  Azzor. 23 


The  E-Cookbooks  Library 

"Home  To  Over  100.000  World  Class  Recipes!" 


Mexican  Recipe  Sampler 

Get  1 ,000  More  Mexican  Recipes: 
Visit  The  E-Cookbooks  Library 

We  encourage  you  to  pass  along  this  e-cookbook 
to  a  friend  ...  Show  them  you  have  good  taste! 

Free  Recipes  In  Your  Email! 

Subscribe  to  the  VJJE  Recipe  Weekly 

and  enjoy  new  recipes  each  week. 

It's  fun  and  it's  FREE! 

Click  Here  To  Subscribe 


Introduction 


Personalized 
Cooking 
Aprons 

"Make  a  mess  - 
protect  the  dress!" 

We'll  inscribe  two  lines  of 
YOUR  text  in  a  variety  of 
colors  YOU  choose.  You 

can  be  like  a 
professional  chef  with  a 
name  and  title!  Create  a 

personalized  cooking 

apron  for  yourself  or  as  a 

great  gift  idea  for  anyone 

that  cooks. 


*  Quality  Material  * 

*  Durable  Construction  * 
*  Cut  Wide  and  Long  * 

*  Extra-Long  Ties  * 

*  One  Size  Fits  All  * 


Click  HERE  For 
Cooking  Aprons 


Personalized  Cooking  Aprons 


Arroz  Blanco 


3  tablespoons  olive  oil 

1  V2  cups  long  grain  rice 

1/4  cup  minced  white  onion 

1  clove  garlic,  minced 

3  cups  chicken,  turkey  or  pork  broth,  or  water 

1  teaspoon  salt 

Place  the  oil  in  a  heavy  pot  or  Dutch  oven  over  medium  heat,  add  the  rice 
and  cook,  stirring  frequently,  for  3-4  minutes.  The  rice  should  not  be 
allowed  to  brown.  Add  the  onion  and  garlic  and  cook  one  minute  more, 
stirring  almost  constantly.  Stir  the  salt  intothe  broth,  add  it  to  the  rice, 
bring  to  a  boil,  cover  the  pot,  turn  the  heat  to  very  low,  and  cook  for  15 
minutes.  Stir  the  rice,  carefully,  replace  the  top,  turn  off  the  heat  and 
allow  the  rice  to  steam  for  10-15  minutes. 


Arroz  Blanco 


Baked  Tamales 


2  Pound  Ground  beef 

1  Can  Tomatoes  (14  oz) 

2  Tablespoon  Chili  powder  OR 

5  Teaspoon  Ground  ancho  (pasilla)  chile  PLUS 
1  Teaspoon  Cumin  AND 
1/4  Teaspoon  Cinnamon 
1  Garlic  clove,  crushed 
1  Teaspoon  Salt 

1  Cup  Black  olives 

CORN  MEAL  DOUGH: 

4  Cup  Corn  meal 

2  Teaspoon  Salt 
8  Cup  Water 

2  Eggs,  well  beaten 
4  Tablespoon  Butter 

In  skillet,  saute  beef  in  pan  until  brown.  Add  tomatoes,  chili  powder, 
garlic,  salt  and  olives.  Cook  15  minutes. 

Grease  9x13"  baking  dish  and  line  bottom  with  1/2  Corn  Meal  Dough.  Add  meat 
mixture  and  cover  with  remaining  1/2  Corn  Meal  Dough.  Bake  20  minutes  at 
325E.  or  until  browned. 

CORN  MEAL  DOUGH: 

Add  corn  meal  and  salt  to  water  in  pot.  Bring  to  boil  and  cook  over  medium 
heat  until  thick,  5-10  minutes.  Add  eggs  and  butter.  Stir  well. 


Baked  Tamales 


Carne  Asada 


1  20  Ounce  top  sirloin  steak 

2  Tablespoon  Vegetable  oil 

1/2  Teaspoon  Dried  leaf  oregano,  crushed 
1/2  Teaspoon  Salt 

1/4  Teaspoon  Coarsely  ground  pepper 
1/4  Cup  Orange  juice 

1  Tablespoon  Lime  juice 

2  Teaspoon  Cider  vinegar 
2  Orange  slices,  1/2"  thick 

Place  steak  in  a  shallow  glass  baking  dish.  Rub  with  oil  on  each  side. 
Sprinkle  with  oregano,  salt  and  pepper.  Sprinkle  orange  juice,  lime  juice, 
and  vinegar  over  the  steak.  Cover  and  refrigerate  overnight  for  best  flavor 
or  several  hours,  turning  occasionally.  To  cook,  bring  meat  to  room 
temperature.  Prepare  and  preheat  charcoal  grill  (or  gas  grill).  Drain  meat, 
reserving  marinade.  Place  steak  on  grill.  Top  with  orange  slices. 
Occasionally  spoon  reserved  marinade  over  steaks  as  they  cook.  Grill  3-4 
minutes  on  each  side,  or  until  medium-  rare.  Cook  longer  if  desired.  Remove 
orange  slices  to  turn  steak.  Replace  orange  slices  on  top  of  steak. 


Carne  Asada 


Chalupas 


Vegetable  oil 

12  Corn  tortillas  (the  thinner  the  better) 

6  Cups  Retried  Beans  (or  less) 

1/2  Pound  Cheddar  cheese  (sharp),  grated 

1  Large  Tomato,  chopped 

3  Cup  Lettuce,  shredded 

In  a  small  skillet,  heat  about  1/2  inch  of  vegetable  oil.  Test  the  oil  for 
proper  temperature  by  putting  in  a  small  piece  of  tortilla.  When  the  oil 
reaches  the  temperature  where  it  immediately  begins  to  bubble  frantically 
over  the  tortilla  as  soon  as  it  is  put  in  the  oil  and  the  tortilla  piece 
becomes  crisp  quite  quickly,  you  are  ready  to  cook  the  chalupa  shells.  This 
is  important  because  there  is  nothing  worse  than  a  soggy  chalupa  shell  which 
results  from  the  oil  not  being  hot  enough. 

Fry  tortillas  completely  flat  on  both  sides  until  very  crisp.  Drain  and  keep 
warm  on  a  newspaper  covered  cookie  sheet  in  a  warm  oven. 

Spread  about  1/4  inch  thick  layer  of  refried  beans  on  each  fried  tortilla. 
Top  with  a  generous  amount  of  grated  sharp  Cheddar  cheese  and  about  1  T 
chopped  onion. 

Place  assembled  chalupas  on  a  cookie  sheet  and  brown  under  broiler  until 
cheese  melts.  Watch  them  carefully  under  the  broiler,  they  can  burn  quite 
quickly.  Top  with  shredded  lettuce  and  tomato  and  serve. 


Chalupas 


Chiles  Rellenos 


12  Large  Mild,  green  chiles  w/stems 

1/2  Pound  Jack  cheese  cut  into  long  narrow,  strips. 


BATTER: 

1  Cup  All  purpose  flour 

1  Teaspoon  Baking  powder 

1/2  Teaspoon  Salt 

3/4  Cup  Yellow  or  white  cornmeal 

1  Cup  Buttermilk 

2  Eggs,  slightly  beaten 

Parch  and  peel  chiles  leaving  stems  on.  Cut  small  slit  below  the  stem, 
removing  seeds  if  desired.  Insert  strips  of  Jack  cheese  being  careful  not  to 
split  chile. 

Prepare  batter:  Sift  flour  with  baking  powder  and  salt,  then  add  cornmeal. 
Blend  buttermilk  and  slightly  beaten  eggs,  then  combine  milk  mixture  with 
dry  mixture  and  blend  together.  Slightly  moisten  each  chile  with  water  dip 
in  plain  flour,  then  in  batter.  Allow  to  drain  slightly  and  drop  in  deep  fat 
which  has  been  heated  to  375  F. 

Fry  until  golden.  Drain  on  paper  towels.  Keep  warm  on  platter  in  300  F.  oven 
while  completing  frying  and  serve  immediately. 


Chiles  Rellenos 


Chipotle  Sauce 


2  Chipotle  Chiles; 

2  Bacon;  Slices,  Finely  Cut  Up 

1/4  Cup  Onion;  Finely  Chopped,  1  small 

3  Cup  Tomatoes;  Finely  Chopped 
1  Cup  Beef  Broth 

1/4  Cup  Carrot;  Finely  Chopped 
1/4  Cup  Celery;  Finely  Chopped 
1/4  Cup  Fresh  Cilantro;  Snipped 
1/2  Teaspoon  Salt 
1/4  Teaspoon  Pepper 

You  can  make  this  sauce  as  hot  as  you  want  by  adding  up  to  a  total  of  4 
dried  Chipotle  chiles.  Cover  chilies  with  warm  water.  Let  stand  until 
softened,  about  1  hour.  Drain  and  finely  chop.  Cook  and  stir  bacon  and  onion 
in  a  2-quart  saucepan  until  bacon  is  crisp;  stir  in  chilies  and  remaining 
ingredients.  Makes  about  4  cups  sauce. 


Chipotle  Sauce 


Enchiladas 


1  Tablespoon  Shortening 
1  pound  Ground  beef 
3  Tablespoons  Flour 

1  8-oz.  can  Tomato  sauce 
Water 

2  Tablespoons  Chili  powder 
Salt,  to  taste 

3/4  teaspoon  Garlic  powder 

12  Corn  Tortillas 

1  pound  Cheese,  longhorn  -  coarsely  grated 

1  large  Onion,  chopped  fine 

Melt  shortening  in  heavy  skillet.  Add  the  ground  meat  and  brown.  Sprinkle 
meat  with  flour;  mix  in  skillet.  Add  tomato  sauce  and  1  cup  water.  Mix  1/2 
cup  water  with  the  chili  powder  to  form  a  smooth  paste;  add  to  the  meat 
mixture.  Add  salt  to  taste  and  garlic  powder.  Cook  over  medium  heat, 
uncovered,  until  it  is  of  gravy  consistency.  Cover  and  simmer  over  very  low 
heat.  Add  more  water  if  the  chili  gravy  becomes  too  thick. 

Dip  tortillas  one  at  a  time  in  the  hot  chili  gravy  with  a  wide  metal 
spatula.  The  tortillas  will  become  pliable  almost  immediately,  which  will 
make  rolling  the  enchiladas  easier.  Soaking  too  long  will  cause  the 
tortillas  to  fall  apart. 

Place  a  good  sprinkling  of  grated  cheese  and  minced  onion  and  about  a 
tablespoon  of  the  meat  mixture  to  one  side  of  the  center  of  the  tortilla. 
Roll  tortilla  tightly  around  the  filling  and  place  loose  side  down  in  a 
glass  casserole  baking  dish.  For  best  results  place  the  enchiladas  in  a  row 
with  sides  touching. 

When  all  enchiladas  have  been  formed,  pour  the  remaining  hot  chili  gravy 
over  all,  and  sprinkle  generously  with  grated  cheese,  and  top  with  chopped 
onion.  Bake  at  350  degrees.  F  until  the  cheese  is  melted.  Serve  immediately. 


Enchiladas 


Frijoles  Charros 


1  to  2  onions,  minced 

2  tablespoons  lard 

3  cups  cooked  pinto  beans 

4  to  6  slices  bacon,  minced 

1  slice  ham,  diced  (optional) 

x/2  cup  chorizo  or  hot  italian  sausage 

1  16-ounce  can  tomatoes,  drained  and  chopped 

6  serrano  chiles,  minced,  or  to  taste 

1  tablespoon  comino  (cumin) 

salt  to  taste 

Add  onions  and  lard  to  pinto  beans  and  cook  over  medium  heat  5  minutes, 
stirring  occasionally,  in  another  skillet,  fry  bacon,  ham  and  chorizo.  Add 
to  beans  with  tomatoes,  chiles  and  spices.  Heat  thoroughly. 


Frijoles  Charros  10 


Guacamole 


6  California  avocados,  peeled  &  pitted 
1-1/2  White  onions,  chopped 
1/2  Cup  Cilantro,  chopped 
Juice  of  2  Limes,  or  to  taste 

1  Small  Zucchini,  pureed 
6  Tablespoons  Olive  oil 

6  Chiles  serranos,  finely  chopped 
Salt  to  taste 

2  Large  Tomatoes,  chopped 

1  Green  onion,  finely  chopped 

2  Chiles  serranos,  finely  chopped 
1/2  Cup  Cilantro  leaves 

Totopos  (crispy  fried  tortilla  wedges) 

Put  avocados  in  a  glass  bowl,  mash  them  with  a  fork.  Add  onion,  cilantro, 
lime  juice,  zucchini,  oil,  chiles,  and  salt.  Mix  the  ingredients  thoroughly 
to  form  a  puree. 

Put  the  avocado  pits  in  the  guacamole  to  prevent  darkening.  To  serve,  spoon 
the  guacamole  into  a  flat  bowl,  and  decorate  with  tomato  on  one  side, 
chiles,  and  cilantro  leaves  in  the  center.  On  the  other  side,  place  the  totopos. 


Guacamole  1 1 


Menudo 

2  1/2  Pound  Tripe 
1/2  Calf  s  foot 
1/3  Cup  Vinegar 
Cold  water 

2  Cloves  garlic 
1/2  Small  Onion 

3  Quart  Water  (approx.) 
Salt 

1-1/2  Cup  Hominy 

Red  Chile  Puree  (see  below)  OR  1  cup  canned  red  chile  sauce 

Finely  chopped  green  onions 

Chopped  cilantro  leaves 

Lemon  wedges 

Corn  tortillas,  heated 

Red  Chile  Puree: 

8  California  chiles  (1/4  lb) 

2/3  Cup  Water 

Scrape  off  any  fat  from  tripe.  Cut  tripe  into  1-inch  squares.  Place  tripe 
and  calf  s  foot  in  a  large  bowl.  Add  vinegar  and  cold  water  to  cover 
generously.  Let  stand  3  hours.  Drain.  Rinse  tripe  and  calf  s  foot 
thoroughly.  Place  in  a  large  pot.  Add  garlic  and  onion.  Pour  in  water  to 
cover  ingredients  plus  1  to  1  1/2  inches,  about  3  quarts.  Add  salt  to  taste. 
Bring  to  a  boil;  reduce  heat.  Cover  and  simmer  about  6  hours  or  until  tripe 
is  tender.  After  1  hour,  skim  foam  from  surface  of  soup.  Skim  again  as 
needed.  Add  more  water  if  liquid  evaporates.  Prepare  Red  Chile  Puree.  Add 
hominy  and  Red  Chile  Puree  during  last  hour  of  cooking.  Ladle  into  large 
bowls.  Serve  chopped  green  onions,  cilantro,  lemon  wedges  and  hot  corn 
tortillas  separately.  Makes  10  to  15  servings.  Red  Chile  Puree:  Remove  stems 
from  chiles.  Break  chiles  open  and  rinse  out  seeds.  Place  in  a  saucepan  with 
water  to  cover.  Bring  to  a  boil.  Continue  to  boil  until  chiles  are  softened, 
about  5  minutes.  Drain;  discard  water.  Place  chiles  in  blender;  puree.  Add 
enough  water  to  make  puree  the  consistency  of  tomato  sauce.  Press  pureed 
chiles  through  a  sieve  to  remove  bits  of  peel.  Makes  about  1  cup.  Variation: 
Substitute  1  1/2  cups  nixtamal  (cooked  dried  corn)  for  canned  hominy. 
Combine  with  soaked  tripe  and  calf  s  foot,  garlic,  onion  and  water.  Cook  as 
directed  above. 


Menudo  12 


Paella 

1  Chicken  broiler,  cut  up 

2  Cloves  garlic 
1/4  Cup  Oil 

1  Pound  Raw  shrimp 

4  Sliced  tomatoes 

1  Pound  Peas 

12  Artichoke  hearts 

1-1/2  Cup  Brown  rice 

6  Strands  saffron 

1  Cup  Onion,  diced 

1  Green  bell  pepper,  diced 

1  Red  bell  pepper,  diced 

1  Teaspoon  Paprika 

1  Cup  White  wine 

2  Cup  Water 

Brown  chicken  and  garlic  in  oil;  remove  chicken  to  large  casserole  dish.  Add 
shrimp,  tomatoes,  peas  and  artichoke  hearts  to  dish.  In  oil  used  to  brown 
chicken,  saute  rice,  saffron,  onion,  green  and  red  bell  peppers  for  7 
minutes.  Add  to  casserole  dish,  sprinkle  on  paprika,  and  pour  in  wine  and 
water.  Bake  uncovered  at  350  degrees  for  1  hour,  or  until  rice  is  ready. 


Paella  13 


Pay  De  Nuez  Pecan  Pie 

1  unbaked  pie  crust,  homemade  or  bought 

1  egg  yolk  beaten  with  a  pinch  of  salt  until  it  is  thick  and  creamy 

1  cup  milk 

4  tablespoons  granulated,  white  sugar 

2  tablespoons  light  brown  sugar 
2  cups  chopped  pecans 

1  pound  pitted  dates,  finely  chopped 
1/4  teaspoon  salt 

2  tablespoons  honey 

4  tablespoons  butter,  cut  into  4  pieces 
1  teaspoon  vanilla 
32  pecan  halves 

Line  a  pie  pan  with  the  crust  and  press  a  piece  of  aluminium  foil  on  top  of 
it  to  conform  to  its  shape  and  covering  the  edges  of  the  dough.  Pour  1  pound 
rice  or  an  appropriate  amount  of  pie  weights  into  the  foil  and  mound  along 
the  edges  to  keep  the  sides  of  the  crust  from  losing  their  shape.  Place  the 
dough  in  the  oven  and  bake  for  20  minutes.  Take  the  dough  out  of  the  oven 
and  remove  the  foil  and  its  contents.  Prick  the  bottom  of  the  crust  all  over 
with  a  fork,  brush  the  top  and  half  way  down  the  sides  with  the  beaten  egg 
yolk  and  replace  the  pan  in  the  oven  until  it  is  a  golden  brown  all  over, 
about  5-7  minutes  longer. 

To  make  the  filling  place  the  milk  and  sugars  in  a  large  saucepan,  bring  to 
a  boil  and  simmer  until  the  mixture  thickens  and  produces  large  bubbles, 
about  15  minutes.  Stir  in  the  chopped  pecans,  dates,  salt  and  honey  and  cook 
until  the  mixture  is  thick,  just  a  few  minutes  more.  Stir  in  the  butter, 
then  when  it  has  melted  add  the  vanilla.  Spoon  the  mixture  into  the  pie 
crust  and  place  the  pecan  halves  in  eight  lines  going  from  just  off  the 
center  to  the  side  of  the  pie,  so  that  each  piece,  when  it  is  cut,  will  have 
a  line  of  nuts  down  the  center.  Allow  the  pie  to  cool,  then  refrigerate 
overnight.  Before  serving  bring  the  pie  to  room  temperature. 


Pay  De  Nuez  Pecan  Pie  14 


Pork  Carnitas 


Guacamole 

4  Poblano  Chiles;  roasted  and  peeled 

1  Onion;  Medium,  Cut  in  halves 

1  Pound  Center  Loin  Roast;  boneless  and  cut  into  2  X  1/4-inch  strips 

1  Clove  Garlic;  Finely  Chopped 

2  Teaspoon  Vegetable  Oil 
2  Teaspoon  Tomato  Paste 

1  Teaspoon  Red  Wine  Vinegar 

1/4  Teaspoon  Salt 

1/2  lb.  plum  tomatoes,  finely  chopped 

Flour  Or  Corn  Tortillas 

Dairy  Sour  Cream 

Prepare  Guacamole;  set  aside.  Cut  chiles  and  onion  halves  lengthwise  into 
1/4-inch  strips.  Cook  pork,  chiles,  onion  and  garlic  in  oil  in  a  10-inch 
skillet  over  medium  heat,  stirring  occasionally,  until  pork  is  no  longer 
pink,  about  12  minutes.  Stir  in  tomato  paste,  vinegar,  salt  and  tomatoes; 
cook  until  hot.  Serve  with  tortillas,  Guacamole  and  sour  cream. 


Pork  Carnitas  15 


Pork  Loin  Vampiro 


3  medium- sized  ancho  chiles,  stems,  seeds  and  veins  removed 

2  cups  fresh  squeezed  orange  juice 

3  tablespoons  lime  juice 
1/4  cup  grenadine 

1/2  cup  tequila 
1  teaspoon  salt 
1  teaspoon  thyme 

1  cup  sliced  white  onion 

3  pound,  lean  boneless  pork  loin,  (either  a  single  loin  or  two  loins  tied  together) 
salt  and  pepper  to  taste 

2  tablespoons  lard  or  olive  oil 

Preheat  your  oven  to  350  degrees 

Toast  the  chiles  on  a  skillet  over  medium  heat  for  30  seconds  to  1  minute  on 
each  side,  but  do  not  allow  them  to  scorch.  Tear  the  chiles  into  pieces, 
place  them  in  a  bowl,  cover  them  with  boiling  water,  and  allow  them  to 
rehydrate  and  soften  for  15  minutes.  Drain  the  chiles  and  place  them  in  the 
bowl  of  a  blender.  Add  the  orange  juice  and  lime  juice  and  blend  for  1 
minute.  Strain  the  mixture  through  the  fine  blade  of  a  food  mill,  then  add 
the  grenadine,  tequila,  salt,  thyme  and  onion,  and  reserve. 

Salt  and  pepper  the  pork.  In  a  Dutch-oven  or  heavy  baking  dish,  heat  the  oil 
over  medium  high  heat  until  it  is  very  hot  but  not  quite  smoking.  Add  the 
pork  and  sear  it,  turning  as  necessary,  until  it  is  golden  brown  on  all 
sides,  about  4  minutes.  Remove  the  pork  to  a  plate  and  the  pot  from  the  heat 
and  allow  it  to  cool,  briefly.  Add  the  chile  mixture,  stirring  well  to 
incorporate  any  caramelized  pieces  of  pork  and  juices  from  the  bottom  of  the 
pot.  Put  the  pork  back  in  the  pot,  fat  side  up,  replace  it  on  the  burner  and 
heat  until  the  sauce  just  begins  to  bubble  lightly,  but  do  not  bring  it  to  a 
complete  boil.  Place  the  pot  in  the  preheated  oven  and  bake,  uncovered, 
until  pork  reaches  an  internal  temperature  of  between  145  and  150  degrees, 
(about  30  minutes  per  pound  for  a  roast  with  two  loins  tied  together,  or  a 
total  of  about  1  hour  for  a  single  loin)  spooning  some  of  the  sauce  over  it 
every  15  minutes.  Remove  the  pork  from  the  pot,  and  allow  it  to  rest  for  5 
minutes,  then  slice  it  into  servings.  While  the  meat  is  resting  you  can 
reduce  the  sauce  if  it  is  too  thin. 

Spoon  some  sauce  on  each  of  4  serving  plates,  and  top  with  a  slice  of  pork. 
Mexican  style  white  rice  and  sauteed  nopalitos  or  squash  go  well  with  this 
dish. 

Pork  Loin  Vampiro  16 


Puchero 

1/2  Cup  Chickpeas 

2  Small  Zucchini 

1/4  Pound  Boneless  lamb 

2  Small  Sweet  potatoes 
1/4  Pound  Boneless  beef 

1  Cup  Corn  cut  from  the  cob 

3  Pound  Chicken 

2  White  potatoes,  boiled  in  jackets 
1/2  Pound  Ham 

3  Barely  ripe  bananas 
1  Large  Onion 

1/2  Teaspoon  Coriander  seeds,  crushed 

3  Cloves  garlic 

1/4  Teaspoon  Pepper 

1  Veal  knuckle,  split 

3  Tablespoon  Oil  (or  butter) 

1  Teaspoon  Salt 

2  Pears 

2  Quart  Chicken  broth 

3  Peaches 

1/2  Small  Cabbage 
2  Limes 

2  Small  Turnips 
1  Large  Carrot 

Place  the  chick  peas  in  a  kettle,  cover  with  broth,  and  soak  overnight. 

Cut  the  lamb  and  beef  into  2-inch  cubes,  cut  the  chicken  into  serving 
pieces,  and  dice  the  ham.  Peel  and  slice  the  onion  and  garlic.  Combine  the 
drained  chick  peas,  all  the  meats,  the  veal  knuckle,  onion,  garlic,  and  salt 
in  a  large  soup  kettle.  Cover  with  2  quarts  of  cold  water  and  bring  to  a 
full  boil.  Skim  off  the  froth.  Lower  the  heat,  cover,  and  simmer  for  45 
minutes. 

Cut  the  cabbage  into  eight  wedges.  Peel  and  slice  the  turnips  and  carrot. 
Slice  the  zucchini.  Peel  and  dice  the  sweet  potatoes.  Cut  the  corn  from  the 
cob.  Add  the  cabbage,  turnips,  carrot,  zucchini,  sweet  potatoes,  and  corn  to 
the  kettle.  Cover  and  simmer  about  20  minutes  or  until  meats  and  vegetables 
are  tender. 

Peel  the  boiled  white  potatoes  and  cut  into  thick  slices.  Peel  bananas  and 
Puchero  17 


E-Cookbooks  Mexican  Recipe  Sampler 

cut  into  2-inch  slices.  Saute  potatoes,  sprinkled  with  crushed  coriander 
seeds  and  pepper  in  oil.  Remove  the  potato  slices  with  a  slotted  spoon.  Keep 
warm.  In  the  same  oil  saute  the  bananas  until  golden.  Keep  warm  with  the 
potatoes. 

Peel,  core,  and  slice  the  pears  and  peaches.  Put  in  a  small  pan  with  a 
little  water  and  poach  for  10  minutes.  Do  not  overcook.  Drain  the  fruit. 

Adjust  the  seasonings.  Serve  each  bowl  of  soup  with  the  juice  from  one  lime 
wedge  and  a  tablespoon  of  Guacamole. 


Puchero  18 


Ropa  Vieja 


3  pounds  flank  steak 

1-1/2  cups  water 

6  whole  garlic,  peeled 

6  whole  black  peppercorns 

salt  to  taste 

8  poblano  peppers,  fresh 

1/2  cup  lard,  bacon  drippings,  or  veg.oil 

2  garlic  clove,  peeled  and  sliced 

1  large  onion,  sliced  1/8"  thick 

flour  tortilla 

1 .  Cut  the  flank  steak  in  half  horizontally  so  it  will  fit  into  a  large 
Dutch  oven.  Place  it  in  the  pot  and  cover  it  with  the  water.  Add  the  six 
whole  cloves  of  garlic,  along  with  the  peppercorns  and  salt  as  desired. 
Place  over  low  heat  and  bring  the  liquid  to  a  simmer.  Cover  and  continue 
cooking  over  low  heat,  turning  the  meat  occasionally,  until  it  is  tenderand 
well  done,  about  one  and  a  half  to  two  hours. 

2.  While  the  meat  is  stewing  roast,  peel  and  seed  the  peppers  and  slice  each 
pepper  lengthwise  into  strips  an  eighth  of  an  inch  wide.  Set  aside. 

3.  When  the  meat  is  tender,  remove  the  Dutch  oven  from  the  heat  and  let  the 
meat  cool  in  its  own  broth.  When  it  coolds  enough  to  handle,  remove  it  from 
the  broth  and  place  it  on  a  cutting  board.  Slice  the  meat  across  the  grain 
into  stips  about  two  inches  across.  Using  your  fingers,  pull  the  meat  into 
fine  shreds.  Return  it  to  the  broth. 

4.  Heat  the  lard  or  other  fat  in  a  large  heavy  skillet  over  medium  heat 
until  it  is  rippling.  Crush  the  sliced  garlic  cloves  and  add  to  the  hot  fat. 
Saute  for  one  minute,  stirring  frequently.  Add  the  sliced  onions  and  saute 
until  it's  somewhat  soft,  about  three  minutes.  Add  the  reserved  pepper 
strips  to  the  pan  and  continue  sauteing  and  stirring  for  about  two  minutes. 

5.  Using  a  slotted  spoon,  transfer  the  peppers,  onion  and  garlic  to  the  Dutch 
oven.  Cook  the  meat  mixture,  uncovered,  over  medium  heat,  stirring 
frequently  until  the  flavors  are  blended  about  10  to  15  minutes.  Serve  the 
meat  hot,  rolled  up  in  heated  flour  tortillas. 


Ropa  Vieja  19 


Salpicon 


3  pounds  brisket 

2  onions,  1  halved,  1  chopped 

1  large  carrot,  quartered 

1  stalk  celery,  quartered 

2  cloves  garlic 

1  cup  chopped  fresh  cilantro 
1  12-ounce  can  whole  tomatoes 
Salt  and  pepper  to  taste 
1  large  tomato,  chopped 

1  4-ounce  can  chile  chipotle,  drained  and  chopped  (reserve  liquid) 
lA  cup  light  olive  oil 

Va  cup  vinegar 

Vi  pound  Monterey  Jack  cheese,  cut  in  ^-inch  cubes 

2  large  avocados,  sliced  length-wise 

Oven:  325  degrees 

Place  brisket  in  heavy  pot  and  cover  with  water.  Add  halved  onion,  carrot, 
celery,  garlic,  V2  cup  chopped  cilantro,  canned  tomatoes,  salt  and  pepper. 
Cover  and  cook  in  oven  approximately  4  hours  until  very  tender,  Remove  from 
liquid,  cool  slightly  and  shred  thoroughly  with  a  fork.  In  large  bowl, 
combine  shredded  beef,  chopped  onion,  chopped  tomato,  remaining  cilantro, 
chile  chipotle,  and  liquid  to  taste,  oil,  vinegar,  salt  and  pepper.  Let 
cool  in  refrigerator  at  least  4  hours.  Before  serving,  toss  with  cheese  and 
turn  into  a  decorative  bowl.  Garnish  with  sliced  avocado.  Serve  with  warm 
corn  or  flour  tortillas,  pinto  beans  and  guacamole  or  tossed  green  salad. 
For  spicier  flavor,  use  more  chile  chipotle  or  pickled  jalapenos  or  chopped 
or  fresh  green  chile  strips. 


Salpicon  20 


Sopaipillas 


4  Cup  Flour 

2  Teaspoon  Sugar 

1/4  Cup  Shortening  or  lard 

1  Tablespoon  Baking  powder 

1-1/2  Teaspoon  Salt 

11/4  Cup  Water  or  more  if  needed 

Sift  dry  ingredients  together.  Cut  in  shortening  until  crumbly.  Add  water 
and  mix  until  holds  together.  Knead  10-15  times  until  dough  forms  a  smooth 
ball.  Cover  and  let  set  for  20  minutes.  Divide  dough  into  two  parts.  Roll 
dough  to  1/8"  thickness  on  lightly  floured  board.  Cut  into  3"  squares  or 
triangles.  Do  not  allow  to  dry;  cover  those  waiting  to  be  fried.  When  ready 
to  fry,  turn  upside  down  so  that  surface  on  bottom  while  resting  is  on  top 
when  frying.  Fry  in  3"  hot  oil  until  golden  brown,  turning  once.  Add  only  a 
few  at  a  time  to  maintain  proper  temperature.  Drain  on  paper  towels. 


Sopaipillas  21 


Taco  Salad 


1-1/2  Pound  Ground  beef 

Bottled  French  dressing 

1/4  Cup  Onion,  chopped 

1/2  Teaspoon  Salt 

1/4  Teaspoon  Pepper 

1/2  Teaspoon  Dried  oregano,  crushed 

1/2  Head  iceberg  lettuce,  finely  shredded 

2  Tomatoes,  cut  in  wedges 

8  Ounce  Can  corn,  drained 

8  Ounce  Can  garbanzo  beans,  drain 

1/2  Cup  Radish  slices 

1-6  1/2  oz  Package  Tortilla  or  corn  chips 

1  Avocado,  peeled  and  sliced 

4  Ounce  Cheddar  cheese,  shredded 

Pitted  black  olives,  sliced 

Sour  cream 

Brown  meat  and  drain  off  fat.  Add  1/3  cup  French  dressing,  onion,  salt, 
pepper  and  oregano.  Simmer  5  minutes.  Combine  lettuce,  tomatoes,  corn, 
beans,  radishes  and  enough  dressing  to  moisten.  Toss  lightly.  For  each 
salad,  serve  meat  mixture  over  tortilla  chips.  Top  with  lettuce  mixture, 
avocado,  cheese,  olives  and  sour  cream,  as  desired. 


Taco  Salad  22 


Verde  Azzor 


2  Tablespoon  Olive  oil 

1  Cup  White  rice 

1/4  Cup  Onions,  chopped 

2  Pablano  chillies,  roasted,  peeled,  deseeded  &  chopped 
6  Green  onions,  thinly  sliced 

1  Garlic  clove,  minced 

1/4  Teaspoon  Salt 

1/4  Teaspoon  Cumin 

1  3/4  Cup  Vegetable  broth 

1/3  Cup  Cilantro,  coarsely  chopped 

Preheat  oven  to  375F.  Heat  oil  in  a  wok  over  medium  heat  until  hot.  Add  rice 
&  cook,  stirring,  for  2  minutes  or  until  rice  turns  opaque.  Add  the  onions, 
cook  and  stir  for  1  minute.  Stir  in  green  onions,  garlic,  salt  &  cumin;  cook 
&  stir  for  20  seconds.  Stir  in  broth  &  bring  to  a  boil  over  high  heat.  Lower 
the  heat  &  simmer,  covered,  for  15  minutes  or  until  the  rice  is  almost 
tender. 

Remove  skillet  from  heat  &  transfer  to  greased  1  1/2  qt.  baking  dish.  Bake 
uncovered  for  15  minutes  or  until  the  rice  is  tender.  Garnish  with  cilantro 
&  serve  hot. 


Verde  Azzor  23 


