E-COOKBOOKS ■.  NET 


Welcome  To  E-Cookbooks! 


VJJE  Publishing  Co. 


Welcome  To  E-Cookbooks! 

Table  of  Contents 

Introduction: 1 

>  For  Optimal  Viewing: 2 

Australia  -  Lamb  Shank  Pie. 3 

Australia  -  Fluffy  Pikelets. 4 

Barbados  -  Barbadian  Cake. 5 

Belgium  -  Waterzooi  A  La  Gantoise. 6 

Bolivia  -  Palta  Rellenos 7 

Bulgaria  -  Tarator. 8 

Canada  -  Cheddar  Cheese  Soup 9 

China  -  Hot-Fried  Crispy  Shredded  Beef. 10 

China  -  Moo  Goo  Gai  Pan 11 

Czech  Republic  -  Kolaches 12 

Denmark  -  Hasselnodlagkage 13 

Egypt  -  Feteer  Bel  Asaag 14 

France  -  Poulet  aux  Morilles 15 

France  -  Foie  de  Veau  au  Sauternes. 17 

France  -  Daube  de  Boeuf  a  la  Provencale 19 

Germany  -  Neujahrspretzel. 20 

Germany  -  Linzer  Torte 21 

Germany  -  Zwetschgenknodel 22 

Greece  -  Baklavas. 23 

Greece  -  Souvlaki 25 

Hungary  -  Szekelvgulvas 26 

Iceland  -  Leg  Of  Lamb  with  Caramel  Potatoes. 27 


Welcome  To  E-Cookbooks! 

Table  of  Contents 

India  -  Naan 28 

Italy  -  Basic  Italian  Bread 29 

Italy  -  Gnocchi  Alia  Giordano. 30 

Italy  -  Asparagus  Pasta  col  Pesto. 31 

Japan  -  Yakitori 32 

Korea  -  Kim  Chee 33 

Libya  -  Halawah  Bil-Fawaaki 34 

Mexico  -  Carne  Asada. 35 

Mexico -Flan. 36 

Mexico  -  Sopaipillas 37 

Netherlands  -  Oliebollen. 38 

Newfoundland  -  Salt  Cod  Chowder. 39 

Nicaragua  -  Gallo  Pinto 40 

Norway  -  Norwegian  Meatballs 41 

Peru  -  Papas  a  la  Huancaina 42 

Philippines  -  Pancit  Canton. 43 

Poland  -  Babka 44 

Poland  -  Pieczen  Siekana. 46 

Portugal  -  Caldeirada  De  Peixe. 47 

Puerto  Rico  -  Taino  Polio  Picante. 49 

Puerto  Rico  -  Sancocho. 50 

Russia  -  Blinis 51 

Russia  -  Pelmeni 52 

Switzerland  -  Swiss  Fondue. 53 


Welcome  To  E-Cookbooks! 

Table  of  Contents 

Syria  -  Koosa. 54 

Tunisia  -  Salata  Mechouia  Nablia. 55 

Turkey  -  Eggplant  Imsakaa 56 

United  States  -  Flag  Cake 57 


The  VJJE  Recipe  Weekly  Archives  2000 
International  Food  Recipes 

A 

E-COOKBOOKS ■.  NET 


www.e-cookbooks.net 

This  e-cookbook  may  be  distributed  freely: 
Pass  It  Along  To  A  Friend! 

(attach  it  in  your  next  email!) 

Thank  you  very  much  for  your  interest  in  our  recipes.  If  you 

have  any  questions  or  comments,  please  email: 

support(a>e-cookbooks.net 

FREE  Recipes  By  Email: 
Subscribe  to  the  VJJE  Recipe  Weekly 


Introduction: 


>  For  Optimal  Viewing: 

To  utilize  this  e-cookbook  efficiently,  we  suggest  the  following: 


•  Click  "View"  at  the  top  of  the  toolbar.  There  should  only  be  two  items 
checked. 


•  Click  "Actual  Size"  if  anything  in  the  top  section  is  checked  (if  the  setting  is 
right  there  will  be  nothing  checked). 

•  Make  sure  "Continuous"  is  checked. 

•  Make  Sure  "Bookmarks  and  Page"  is  checked. 

•  Browse  through  the  recipes.  To  print,  click  "File"  then  "Print". 

Discover  Our  Private  Library  Of  Electronic  Books: 


The  VJJE-Book  Library 
electronic-book-library.com 


>  For  Optimal  Viewing: 


Australia  -  Lamb  Shank  Pie 

4-6  Lamb  shanks  (chopped  in  half) 
1  large  carrot 

1  parsnip 

2  tomatoes 

6  oz.  veal/chicken  stock 

2  tablespoons  tomato  paste 

juice  and  grated  rind  of  1  lemon 

pinch  of  sugar 

2  tablespoons  parsley 

2  tablespoons  chopped  garlic 

1  tablespoons  butter 

1  tablespoon  vegetable  oil 

seasoned  flour(for  dusting) 

1  onion 

1  stick  of  celery 

1  cup  red  wine 

2  tablespoons  basil 

2  cups  mashed  potatoes 

Dust  the  shanks  in  flour  and  brown  them  in  butter  and  oil  in  a 
heavy  skillet  or  fry  pan.  Put  the  cooked  shanks  in  a  saucepan, 
cover  with  water,  wine,  and  tomato  paste  and  cook  ever  so  gently 
for  about  90  min  or  until  meat  starts  to  soften  (you  may  have  to 
add  a  little  more  water  or  wine.) 

In  the  meantime,  saute  the  vegetables  (roughly  chopped)  with 
the  garlic  in  the  same  frying  pan;  you  may  have  to  add  a  little 
more  oil.  After  a  couple  of  minutes  add  the  tomatoes  (roughly 
chopped),  lemon  juice  and  rind.  Cook  gently  for  another  few  minutes. 
Transfer  partly  cooked  lamb  shanks  into  a  casserole  dish.  Skim 
off  any  fat  formed  during  cooking.  Add  the  cooked  vegetables, 
mix  lightly,  add  the  fresh  herbs,  spoon  mashed  potatoes  on  top 
and  finish  cooking  in  a  pre  heated  190  degree  oven  for  about 
30  minutes.  Serve  piping  hot  with  crusty  bread. 


Australia  -  Lamb  Shank  Pie 


Australia  -  Fluffy  Pikelets 

1  cup  self  raising  flour 

2  tablespoons  sugar 

1  teaspoon  melted  butter 

1/2  cup  milk 

1/2  teaspoon  baking  soda 

1  teaspoon  vinegar  or  lemon  juice 

1  egg 

pinch  of  salt 

Sift  flour,  salt  and  soda  into  a  small  bowl.  Add  sugar,  egg  and  milk. 
Beat  on  low  speed  until  mixed.  Beat  on  high  speed  for  about  1  minute, 
then  fold  in  melted  butter.  Place  spoonfuls  onto  a  hot  griddle  or 
trypan. 


Australia  -  Fluffy  Pikelets 


Barbados  -  Barbadian  Cake 

1  1/2  cups  white  sugar 

2  cups  butter 

4  1/2  teaspoons  baking  powder 

3  cups  all-purpose  flour 

4  eggs 

1  tablespoon  vanilla  extract 

1  tablespoon  almond  extract 

2  cups  milk 

Preheat  oven  to  400F.  Lightly  grease  and  flour  one  9  or  10  inch 
bundt  pan.  By  hand,  with  a  spatula,  cream  butter  and  sugar  together 
until  light  and  fluffy.  Add  eggs  all  at  once  and  beat  well.  Sift  the 
flour  and  the  baking  powder  together.  Add  to  butter  mixture  along  with 
1  cup  of  the  milk.  Continue  to  beat  well  (the  batter  will  be  doughy). 
Add  the  remaining  1  cup  of  milk  along  with  the  vanilla  and  almond 
extracts.  Pour  batter  into  the  prepared  pan. 

Bake  at  400F  for  1  hour.  Reduce  heat  to  350F  and  continue  baking  for 
15  minutes  longer. 


Barbados  -  Barbadian  Cake 


Belgium  -  Waterzooi  A  La  Gantoise 

3  lb.  stewing  chicken,  stewing  with  giblets 

1/2  lb.  stew  beef,  cubed 

Water 

2  medium  onions,  wedged 

1  celery  stalk,  chopped 

2  leeks  (white  only),  chopped 
1  carrot,  quartered  lengthwise 

1  teas,  salt 

2  egg  yolks 

6  tbls.  half  &  half 

1/8  teaspoon  white  pepper 

juice  of  1/2  fresh  lemon 

Cut  chicken  in  4  pieces.  Place  chicken,  giblets,  and  stew  beef 
in  a  large  pot,  cover  with  water  -  bring  to  a  boil.  Skim  foam 
from  surface  until  surface  is  clear. 

Add  onions,  celery,  leeks,  carrot  and  salt.  Cover,  simmer  about 
2  hours.  Remove  beef  from  cooking  liquid,  reserve  for  another 
purpose.  Remove  and  discard  skin  and  bones  from  chicken.  Cut  meat 
into  small  pieces. 

Strain  cooking  liquid,  squeezing  liquid  from  vegetables  -  discard 
vegetables.  Boil  cooking  liquid  until  reduced  to  about  1  quart. 
Beat  egg  yolks  with  half  &  half  and  white  pepper  in  small  bowl. 
Stir  in  about  1/3  cup  cooking  liquid;  stir  egg-yolk  mixture  into 
remaining  liquid.  Simmer  over  low  heat,  stirring  constantly, 
until  thickened.  Stir  in  lemon  juice  and  chicken  pieces  -  heat 
through.  Pour  into  tureen  or  serve  in  individual  bowls. 
Serve  immediately. 


Belgium  -  Waterzooi  A  La  Gantoise 


Bolivia  -  Palta  Rellenos 

4  oz.  shrimp  -  peeled,  cooked 

2  avocados 

1/2  banana 

2  teaspoons  lemon  juice 

1/4  cup  mayonnaise 

1  tablespoon  half  &  half 

salt  and  black  pepper 

1  pinch  paprika 

1  pinch  sugar 

1  1/2  cups  chicken  -  cooked,  diced 

6  lettuce  leaves  -  shredded 

If  using  frozen  shrimp,  thaw  completely.  Cut  avocados  in  half;  remove 
stones.  Use  a  melon  bailer  to  remove  flesh  from  avocado  skins.  Reserve 
skins  and  4  avocado  balls.  Dice  remaining  avocado  flesh. 

Slice  banana.  Combine  diced  avocado  and  banana.  Sprinkle  with  lemon 
juice.  Combine  mayonnaise,  half  &  half,  salt,  sugar,  pepper,  and 
paprika.  Fold  in  banana  mixture,  chicken  and  lettuce.  Spoon  mixture 
over  reserved  avocado  skins.  Top  with  shrimp  and  avocado  balls. 


Bolivia  -  Palta  Rellenos 


Bulgaria  -  Tarator 


2  cucumbers,  peeled  and  chopped 

1  garlic  clove,  minced 
4  cups  plain  yoghurt 
1/2  cup  water 

1/4  teaspoon  salt 

2  Tablespoons  dill,  chopped 
toasted  almond  slices,  for  garnishing 

In  a  blender,  puree  cucumber  and  garlic,  pulsing  the  blades  to 
liquify  the  chopped  cubes.  Toss  in  the  dill,  salt,  water,  and  yoghurt 
and  mix  well.  Refrigerate  at  least  2  hours. 
When  ready  to  serve,  ladle  into  bowls  and  sprinkle  with  toasted 
almonds. 


Bulgaria  -  Tarator 


Canada  -  Cheddar  Cheese  Soup 

3  cups  milk 

1  cup  chicken  broth 
6  slices  bacon,  diced 

1/4  cup  finely  diced  red  onion 
1/4  cup  finely  diced  celery 
1/4  cup  chopped  scallion 
3  Tablespoons  all-purpose  flour 

2  cups  shredded  Canadian  white  Cheddar  cheese 
1/2  teaspoon  Tabasco  sauce,  or  to  taste 

1/2  teaspoon  Worcestershire  sauce 

12  teaspoon  salt,  or  to  taste 

1/8  teaspoon  freshly  ground  pepper,  or  to  taste 

Snipped  fresh  chives  or  minced  scallions  for  garnish 

In  a  2-quart  saucepan,  heat  the  milk  and  the  chicken  broth  over 
medium-low  heat.  Meanwhile,  in  a  4  or  5  quart  Dutch  oven,  cook  the 
bacon,  stirring,  over  medium  heat  for  about  5  minutes,  or  until  lightly 
browned.  Add  the  red  onion,  celery,  and  scallion  and  cook,  stirring, 
until  the  onion  has  softened,  about  5  minutes.  Add  the  flour  and 
cook,  stirring  constantly,  for  3  minutes. 

Remove  the  Dutch  oven  from  the  heat,  add  the  heated  milk  mixture, 
and  whisk  until  well  blended.  Return  to  the  heat  and  cook,  whisking 
constantly,  until  the  mixture  comes  to  a  boil.  Boil  for  1  minute,  or 
until  thickened. 

Remove  the  Dutch  oven  from  the  heat  and  stir  in  the  cheese,  Tabasco 
sauce,  salt,  and  pepper  until  the  cheese  is  melted  and  the  soup  is 
smooth.  Serve  the  soup  hot,  garnished  with  chives. 


Canada  -  Cheddar  Cheese  Soup 


China  -  Hot-Fried  Crispy  Shredded  Beef 

4  eggs 

1/2  teaspoon  salt 

4  oz.  corn  starch 

1  lb.  topside  of  beef,  cut  into  matchstick  strips 

2  cups  vegetable  oil 

3  medium  carrots,  scraped  and  cut  into  matchstick  strips 
2  spring  onions,  cut  into  1  inch  sections 

2  dry  red  chilies,  shredded 

3  garlic  cloves,  crushed 
6  teaspoons  sugar 

2  tablespoons  soy  sauce 

4  tablespoons  wine  vinegar 

Mix  together  the  eggs,  salt  and  cornflour  and  toss  the  beef  in 
this  until  well  coated.  Heat  the  oil  in  a  wok  to  350  degree  F,  or 
until  a  cube  of  bread  browns  in  30  seconds,  and  stir-fry  the  beef 
for  1  1/2  minutes  or  until  crispy,  remove  and  drain  on  paper  towels. 
Reheat  the  oil  and  deep-fry  the  carrots  for  1  1/2  minutes.  Remove 
and  drain  on  paper  towels. 

Pour  off  most  of  the  oil,  leaving  about  1  1/2  tablespoons  in  the 
bottom  of  the  wok.  Reheat,  then  add  the  spring  onions,  chilies  and 
garlic.  Stir-fry  together  for  about  30  seconds  over  the  heat  then 
add  the  sugar,  soy  sauce  and  vinegar.  Return  the  meat  and  carrots 
to  the  sauce.  Toss  over  the  heat  and  serve. 


China  -  Hot-Fried  Crispy  Shredded  Beef  10 


China  -  Moo  Goo  Gai  Pan 

4  chicken  breast  halves,  skinned,  boned  and  sliced 
salt  and  pepper 

4  cloves  garlic,  minced 
2  cups  water 

1  tablespoon  cornstarch 

5  tablespoons  corn  oil 

8  oounces  fresh  mushrooms,  sliced 

4  pounds  bok  choy  or  Chinese  white  cabbage,  chopped 

2  tablespoons  sugar 

4  tablespoons  soy  sauce 

6  scallions,  chopped 

Una  bowl,  toss  chicken  with  the  salt  and  pepper,  garlic  and 
cornstarch  mixture.  Set  aside. 

2.  Heat  3  tablespoons  of  corn  oil  in  a  wok  and  stir  in  mushrooms,  bok 
choy/cabbage  and  sugar  for  2  minutes.  Cover  and  cook  for  5  minutes. 
Remove  from  wok. 

3.  Heat  remaining  corn  oil  in  wok.  Stir-fry  chicken  for  2  minutes  over 
high  heat.  Add  soy  sauce  and  mix  well.  Cover  and  cook  for  about 
6  minutes,  or  until  the  chicken  is  thoroughly  cooked. 

4.  Mix  in  the  cooked  vegetables  and  scallions.  Stir  fry  together  for 
about  1  minute.  Serve  hot  with  rice. 


China  -  Moo  Goo  Gai  Pan  11 


Czech  Republic  -  Kolaches 

1  cup  sour  cream 
1/2  cup  sugar 

1  1/2  teas,  salt 

1/2  cup  butter,  softened 

2  pkgs.  dry  yeast 
1/2  cup  warm  water 
2  eggs,  beaten 

4  cup  flour  (maybe  more) 

Filling 

Streusel  Topping 

1/3  Additional  butter  or  margarine,  melted 

Heat  sour  cream  until  warm.  Stir  in  sugar,  salt  and  softened 
butter.  Set  aside  to  cool.  Sprinkle  yeast  over  warm  water;  let 
stand  until  yeast  dissolves.  Add  to  sour  cream  mixture,  add  eggs 
and  flour  and  mix  well  (dough  does  not  need  kneading).  If  necessary, 
work  in  enough  flour  to  make  dough  spongy  but  not  sticky.  Put  dough 
in  a  large,  greased  bowl;  cover,  and  refrigerate  overnight. 
Remove  dough  from  refrigerator.  Shape  into  balls  about  1  1/2  inch 
in  diameter,  and  place  on  lightly  greased  baking  sheets  about  an 
inch  apart.  Flatten  balls  to  1/2  inch  and  let  rise  for  about  10 
minutes.  Make  indentions  in  the  middle  of  each  kolache  by  pressing 
down  firmly  with  the  first  two  fingers  of  both  hands.  Spoon  about 
1  T  filling  into  each  indention.  Sprinkle  about  1/2  t  streusel 
topping  over  filling.  Cover  kolaches  with  a  sheet  of  wax  paper, 
and  let  rise  until  double  in  bulk.  Remove  wax  paper  and  bake  in 
350  degree  oven  for  15-20  min.  or  until  light  tan.  Remove  from 
oven  and  brush  top  edges  and  sides  with  melted  butter. 
Makes  about  2  dozen. 


Czech  Republic  -  Kolaches  12 


Denmark  -  Hasselnodlagkage 

9  egg  yolks 

2/3  cup  sugar 

3/4  cup  blanched  almonds  —  ground 

3/4  cup  hazelnuts  —  ground 

9  egg  whites 

1/4  cup  cherry  brandy 

1/4  cup  raspberry  jam 

1  pint  whipping  cream 

24  whole  hazelnuts 

Powdered  sugar 

Beat  the  egg  yolks  until  thick.  Add  the  sugar  and  beat.  Add  the  ground 
nuts  and  mix  well.  Beat  the  egg  whites  until  stiff.  Fold  into  the  yolk 
mixture. 

Bake  in  2  well-buttered  layer-cake  tins  in  a  preheated  moderate  oven 
350F  until  the  top  of  the  cake  springs  back  quickly  when  you  touch  it. 
Remove  from  oven  and  let  cool. 

Cover  the  top  of  each  layer  with  half  of  the  liqueur,  then  with  a  thin 
layer  of  the  raspberry  jam.  Place  one  cake  on  top  of  the  other. 
Whip  the  cream  and  spread  over  top.  Place  whole  hazelnuts  here  and 
there  on  the  torte.  Dust  the  top  with  powdered  sugar. 


Denmark  -  Hasselnodlagkage  13 


Egypt  -  Feteer  Bel  Asaag 

1  large  onion,  chopped 

1  lb.  super  lean  ground  beef 

2  tablespoons  olive  oil 
1/2  cup  water 

salt  and  pepper 

1  cup  chopped  nuts  (optional) 

1  stick  of  butter 

1  egg 

1  cup  milk 

1  package  frozen  Fillo  dough  sheets  (thawed  overnight) 

Saute  the  onion  in  the  oil  until  it  changes  color  to  dark  yellow. 
Add  the  meat  and  brown  it  then  add  the  water,  salt  and  pepper  and 
let  it  cook  until  all  the  water  has  evaporated.  If  you  decide  to  use 
nuts  add  them  at  this  time. 

Open  the  Fillo  dough  package  and  divide  the  sheets  in  half  (they 
are  usually  sheets  of  10X20"  rectangles,  you  want  to  end  up  with 
2  stacks  of  10X10  sheets.  In  a  greased  9x12x3"  baking  dish  layer 
2  to  3  sheets  at  a  time  and  sprinkle  them  with  a  few  drops  of  the 
melted  butter,  and  so  on  until  you  finish  the  first  half  of  the 
sheets.  Spread  the  meat  and  nut  mixture  on  it  and  start  doing  the 
same  thing  with  the  other  half  of  the  sheets.  Don't  worry  about 
spreading  the  butter  on  the  sheets.  When  you  finish  with  all  the 
dough,  cut  the  feteer  in  2X1 "  squares  with  a  sharp  knife. 
Mix  together  the  left-over  melted  butter,  the  egg  and  the  milk  and 
a  pinch  of  salt  (not  much)  beat  it  with  fork.  Pour  the  egg  mixture 
gently  over  the  feteer  and  bake,  uncovered,  in  a  375F  oven  for  about 
20  minutes  or  until  the  milk  is  absorbed  and  the  feteer  turns 
gold  yellow. 


Egypt  -  Feteer  Bel  Asaag  14 


France  -  Poulet  aux  Morilles 

I  ounce  dried  morel  mushrooms 
I  cup  hot  milk 

1  frying  chicken,  cut  into  8  serving  pieces 
1/4  cup  vegetable  oil 

2  tablespoons  unsalted  butter 
1  tablespoon  all-purpose  flour 
I/2  teaspoon  dried  thyme  leaves 

1  1/2  cups  dry  white  wine 

2  tablespoons  Cognac 

1  cup  Creme  Fraiche 

Beurre  manie  (1  tablespoon  all-purpose  flour  mixed  with 

1  tablespoon  unsalted  butter) 
Salt  and  freshly  ground  white  pepper 

2  cups  hot  cooked  rice 

Creme  Fraiche 
1  cup  heavy  cream 
1/2  cup  sour  cream 

Whisk  the  cream  and  sour  cream  together  in  a  mixing  bowl.  Cover 
with  plastic  wrap  and  let  sit  at  room  temperature  until  thickened, 
about  8  hours.  Put  a  filter  in  a  coffee  filter  top  or  line  a 
strainer  with  a  double  thickness  of  paper  towels  and  set  over  a 
bowl.  Scrape  in  the  thickened  cream. 
Let  drain  in  the  refrigerator,  covered  with  plastic  wrap,  until 
very  thick,  at  least  12  hours  or  up  to  24  hours.  Spoon  the  cream 
into  a  covered  container  and  refrigerate.  Creme  Fraiche  will  keep 
in  the  refrigerator  for  1  week. 

Cover  the  morels  with  the  hot  milk  and  let  them  soak  for  30  minutes. 
Meanwhile,  pat  the  chicken  pieces  dry  with  paper  towels.  Heat  the 
oil  and  butter  together  in  a  skillet  or  saute  pan  large  enough  to 
hold  the  chicken  in  one  layer  without  crowding.  Cook  the  chicken 
pieces  over  medium-high  heat  until  golden  brown  on  both  sides,  about 
10  minutes  altogether.  Transfer  the  chicken  to  a  plate.  Reserve. 
Strain  the  morel  soaking  liquid  through  a  sieve  lined  with  dampened 
cheesecloth.  Squeeze  the  mushrooms  with  your  fingers  to  force  out 
as  much  liquid  as  possible.  Reserve.  Discard  the  cheesecloth  with 
the  sediment  and  set  the  liquid  aside. 
Rinse  the  mushrooms  under  cold  running  water  to  remove  any  grit. 

France  -  Poulet  aux  Morilles  15 


Welcome  To  E-Cookbooks! 

Drain  and  squeeze  dry.  Cook  them  over  medium-low  heat  in  the  fat 
remaining  in  the  skillet  for  about  4  minutes,  stirring  often. 
Discard  all  the  fat  from  the  skillet. 

Return  the  chicken  pieces  in  one  layer  to  the  skillet,  adding  any 
juices  from  the  plate.  Sprinkle  with  the  flour  and  thyme  and  turn 
the  pieces  to  coat.  Pour  in  the  wine,  bring  to  the  boil,  cover  and 
simmer  for  15  minutes,  turning  the  chicken  once.  Uncover  the  pan 
and  simmer  until  the  chicken  is  fork-tender,  about  15  minutes  more. 

To  make  the  sauce,  first  remove  the  chicken  and  mushrooms  with  a 
slotted  spoon  to  a  bowl  and  cover  loosely  to  keep  warm.  Degrease 
the  pan  juices.  Whisk  in  the  Cognac,  mushroom  liquid  and  Creme 
Fraiche.  Cook,  whisking,  over  low  heat  until  smooth.  The  sauce 
should  be  just  thick  enough  to  coat  a  spoon.  If  necessary,  whisk 
in  the  beurre  manie,  1  teaspoon  at  a  time,  to  thicken  the  sauce. 
Season  to  taste. 

Return  the  chicken,  mushrooms  and  any  liquid  in  the  bowl  to  the  pan. 
Stir  to  coat  the  pieces  with  the  sauce  and  heat  through.  Do  not  let 
boil.  Spoon  chicken  and  mushrooms  onto  a  serving  dish  and  serve  with 
cooked  rice. 


France  -  Poulet  aux  Morilles  16 


France  -  Foie  de  Veau  au  Sauternes 

2  medium  onions  [about  8  ounces  total],  ends  cut  flat,  peeled,  cut 
in  half  lengthwise 

1  3/4  sticks  unsalted  butter  [7  ounces],  cut  into  14  pieces 

2  small  carrots  [about  4  ounces  total],  peeled,  cut  to  fit  the  feed 
tube  vertically 

3  plum  tomatoes  [about  9  ounces  total],  quartered  and  seeded 
3  1/2  pounds  fresh  spinach,  washed,  stems  removed 

1  cup  veal  stock,  preferably  homemade 

1/2  cup  Sauternes 

Salt  and  freshly  ground  black  pepper 

6  slices  calf's  liver  [about  5  ounces  each],  trimmed 

Slice  the  onions  thin,  and  saute  in  2  tablespoons  butter  over  low 
heat  until  the  onions  begin  to  exude  their  liquid,  about  5  minutes. 
Cover  and  cook,  stirring  occasionally,  until  the  onions  are  golden  and 
very  soft,  about  25  minutes  more. 

For  flower-like  carrot  slices,  make  5  evenly-spaced  lengthwise  cuts 
on  each  carrot  piece  with  a  fruit  and  vegetable  stripper;  slice  them 
into  very  thin  rounds.  Reserve. 
Coursely  chop  the  tomatoes.  Reserve. 

Bring  a  large  pot  of  water  to  the  boil,  add  the  spinach  and  cook  for 
2  minutes.  Drain  and  rinse  under  cold  running  water  until  cool  enough 
to  handle.  Squeeze  the  spinach  to  remove  all  the  liquid.  Pulse  the 
spinach,  in  a  food  processor  until  finely  chopped,  about  6  times. 
Add  the  onions  and  process  until  smooth,  about  1  minute.  Reserve. 
To  make  the  sauce,  bring  the  stock,  Sauternes  and  chopped  tomatoes  to 
the  boil  in  a  medium  skillet.  Cook  until  reduced  by  one-third,  about 
9  minutes.  Strain  into  a  small  saucepan,  pressing  on  the  tomatoes  to 
exude  all  their  liquid:  there  should  be  about  I/2  cup.  Set  the  skillet 
aside.  Whisk  8  tablespoons  of  the  butter,  one  piece  at  a  time,  into  the 
reduced  liquid,  over  low  heat.  Season  to  taste  and  keep  warm. 
Add  2  tablespoons  butter  to  the  skillet  used  to  reduce  the  sauce.  Add 
the  spinach  mixture  and  season  to  taste.  Keep  warm,  stirring  occasionally. 
Season  the  liver  with  salt  and  pepper.  Cook  3  slices  in  2  tablespoons 
butter  over  medium  high  heat  until  golden  brown  on  the  outside  but  still 
pink  on  the  inside,  about  2  minutes  on  each  side.  Remove  to  a  plate  and 
cover  loosely  with  foil  to  keep  warm.  Cook  the  remaining  liver,  adding 
more  butter  as  necessary. 

Meanwhile,  blanch  the  carrot  slices  in  boiling  water  until  just  tender, 
about  2  minutes.  Drain. 

France  -  Foie  de  Veau  au  Sauternes  17 


Welcome  To  E-Cookbooks! 

Fill  a  pastry  bag  fitted  with  a  1/2-inch  star  tip  with  the  spinach 
mixture.  Pipe  some  spinach  around  the  inner  rim  of  6  individual  serving 
plates.  Cut  each  piece  of  liver  diagonally  into  3/4  inch  wide  slices  and 
arrange  spoke-fashion  on  each  plate.  Spoon  an  equal  amount  of  the  sauce 
on  each  serving  and  garnish  with  the  carrot  slices. 


France  -  Foie  de  Veau  au  Sauternes  18 


France  -  Daube  de  Boeuf  a  la  Provencale 

1/4  lb.  salt  pork 

1  1/2  lb.  beef  boneless  chuck,  tip  or  round 

1  cup  dry  red  wine 
1/2  cup  water 

2  cloves  garlic,  chopped 
1/2  teaspoon  salt 

1/2  teaspoon  dried  thyme  leaves 

1/4  teaspoon  dried  rosemary  leaves,  crushed 

1/4  teaspoon  pepper 

1  bay  leaf 

6  medium  carrots,  cut  into  1-inch  pieces 

2  medium  onions,  cut  into  fourths 
1/2  cup  pitted  ripe  olives 
Minced  parsley 

French  bread 

Remove  rind  from  salt  pork;  cut  pork  into  1/4-inch  slices.  Cut  beef 
into  1-inch  cubes.  Fry  salt  pork  in  Dutch  oven  over  medium  heat  until 
crisp;  remove  with  slotted  spoon.  Drain  on  paper  towels,  cook  and  stir 
beef  in  hot  fat  until  brown,  about  15  minutes.  Drain  fat.  Add  wine, 
water,  garlic,  salt,  thyme,  rosemary,  pepper  and  bay  leaf.  Heat  to 
boiling;  reduce  heat.  Cover  and  simmer  1  hour. 
Stir  in  salt  pork,  carrots,  onions  and  olives.  Cover  and  simmer  until 
beef  and  vegetables  are  tender,  about  40  minutes.  Remove  bay  leaf. 
Sprinkle  with  parsley.  Serve  in  bowls  with  French  bread  for  dipping. 


France  -  Daube  de  Boeuf  a  la  Provencale  1 9 


Germany  -  Neujahrspretzel 

2  cups  milk 

2  eggs 

1/2  cup  butter  or  margarine 

1  cup  powdered  sugar 

2  packs  dry  yeast 
Water 

2  teas,  salt 

1  teas,  vanilla  extract 

1/2  cup  sugar 

1/4  cup  almonds,  chopped 

7  cups  flour 

Heat  milk  and  butter  until  very  warm  (120-130  degrees  F.). 
Mix  yeast,  salt,  sugar,  and  1  cup  flour.  Slowly  beat  into 
warm  milk.  Beat  for  2  minutes.  Add  eggs  and  1  cup  of  flour. 
Beat  for  an  additional  2  minutes.  Add  enough  flour  to  form  a 
soft  dough.  Knead  until  smooth  and  elastic,  about  5  minutes. 
Place  dough  in  a  greased  bowl.  Let  rise  in  a  warm  place 
until  doubled  in  bulk,  about  1  hour.  Punch  dough  down  and  let 
rise  again  until  doubled  (1  hour  more).  Divide  dough  in  half. 
Shape  pretzel  as  follows:  Roll  dough  into  a  rope  about  30  inches 
long  and  1  1/2  inches  in  diameter.  Cross  the  ends  leaving  a 
large  loop  in  the  center.  Flip  loop  back  onto  crossed  ends  to 
form  a  pretzel.  Repeat  with  remaining  dough.  Place  pretzels 
on  greased  baking  sheets.  Let  rise  15  minutes  more.  Bake 
at  375  degrees  F  for  25  to  30  minutes  or  until  golden  brown. 
Cool  on  wire  racks.  Mix  powdered  sugar,  water  and  vanilla  to 
form  a  thin  icing.  Spread  icing  on  pretzels  and  sprinkle  with 
chopped  almonds.  Makes  2  large  pretzels. 


Germany  -  Neujahrspretzel  20 


Germany  -  Linzer  Torte 

3/4  cup  sweet  butter,  softened 

3/4  cup  sugar 

1  cup  finely  ground  almonds 

1  tbsp.  Kirschwasser  (cherry  brandy) 

1-1/2  cup  flour 

1  tsp.  cinnamon 

Grated  rind  of  1/2  orange  and  1/2  lemon 

1  cup  good  quality  raspberry  preserves 

1  egg,  lightly  beaten  with  1/2  tsp.  water 

1  tsp.  finely  ground  cloves 

Butter  one  9  inch  springform  pan.  Cream  butter  and  sugar  and  beat 
until  fluffy  and  creamy  in  color;  gradually  add  almonds  and 
Kirschwasser.  Sift  flour  with  cinnamon  and  cloves;  add  grated 
rinds  and  stir  into  butter  mixture.  Spread  about  2/3  of  dough  on 
bottom  and  about  2/3  up  sides  of  pan;  spread  raspberry  preserves 
over  dough.  Roll  remaining  dough  between  2  sheets  of  waxed  paper; 
cut  into  1/2  inch  wide  strips.  Put  in  refrigerator  to  chill.  Form 
strips  into  a  latticework  pattern  on  top  of  preserves,  laying  a 
strip  around  circumference.  Push  dough  on  sides  down  over  strip 
around  circumference  and  flute;  brush  top  with  egg  mixture.  Bake 
at  350  degrees  for  35  minutes,  until  top  is  golden  brown.  Allow 
to  cool  about  10  minutes  before  removing  sides  of  springform. 


Germany  -  Linzer  Torte  21 


Germany  -  Zwetschgenknodel 

3  medium  potatoes,  boiled  the  previous  day,  peeled 

1  tablespoon  butter 

2  egg  yolks 
pinch  of  salt 

2-3  heaping  tablespoons  flour 

1  1/4  lbs.  damson  plums  (sometimes  called  prune-plums) 

1  sugar  cube  for  each  plum 

Toppings: 
melted  butter 
1/4  cup  bread  crumbs 

3  tablespoons  sugar 

1  teaspoon  ground  cinnamon 

Wash  the  plums,  wipe  dry,  remove  stomes,  and  insert  a  sugar  cube  into 
the  center  of  each  plum.  Smash  the  boiled  potatoes  and  mix  with  the 
cool  melted  butter,  egg  yolks,  and  salt,  then  add  as  much  flour  as  it 
takes  to  produce  a  slightly  adhesive  dough.  Note  that  less  flour  you 
use  the  better  they  will  turn  out.  Keep  your  hand  cool,  take  enough 
dough  to  cover  the  plums  with  1/4-1/2  inch  thickness;  carefully  press 
the  edges  together.  Drop  into  boiling  water  and  simmer  until  they 
start  to  float. 

Serve  with  melted  butter,  and  sprinkle  sugar,  cinnamon,  or  a 
combination  of  both  on  it.  Or  serve  with  breadcrumbs,  browned  in  butter. 


Germany  -  Zwetschgenknodel  22 


Greece  -  Baklavas 


Filling: 

1  pound  walnuts,  coarsely  chopped 

1/4  cup  sugar 

1  teaspoon  cinnamon 

Pastry: 

1  pound  phyllo  pastry 

6  oz.  unsalted  butter,  melted 

Syrup: 

1/2  pound  sugar 

10  oz.  water 

2  cinnamon  sticks 

2  teaspoons  lemon  juice 
some  lemon  peel 
2  tablespoons  honey 

Mix  all  the  filling  ingredients  in  a  bowl. 

Liberally  butter  the  base  and  sides  of  an  elongated  or  round  baking 
dish.  Measure  the  length  of  the  phyllo  against  the  baking  dish  roughly 
and,  allowing  1  inch  extra  approximately  for  shrinkage,  cut  to  length 
with  a  sharp  knife.  Brush  each  layer  of  phyllo  with  melted  butter  and 
spread  over  the  base  of  the  container  as  evenly  as  possible.  Once  you 
have  used  5  layers  of  pastry,  sprinkle  a  thin  layer  of  filling  all  over 
the  surface  and  add  3  more  layers.  Sprinkle  a  thin  layer  of  filling  and 
place  2  more  sheets  of  phyllo  on  top.  Sprinkle  on  all  the  remaining 
filling,  spreading  it  evenly,  and  cover  with  7-8  more  layers  of  phyllo, 
brushing  individually  with  butter.  Fold  any  excess  pastry  on  either  of 
the  sides  over  the  filling  and  brush  it  with  butter.  Brush  the  top  layer 
liberally  with  butter  in  order  to  get  it  crisp  and  golden.  Trim  any 
excess  pastry  with  a  small  sharp  knife,  keeping  in  mind  that  it  will 
also  shrink. 

Cut  the  top  layers  of  fyllo  carefully,  either  diagonally  into  diamond 
shapes  or  straight,  which  will  result  in  square  or  elongated  pieces. 
Be  careful  not  to  cut  right  down  to  the  base,  but  only  the  top  layers. 
This  is  done  in  order  to  make  cutting  and  lifting  the  pieces  out,  once 
it  is  cooked,  much  easier  and  efficient.  Using  the  tips  of  four  fingers, 
sprinkle  drops  of  water  all  over  the  surface  and  cook  it  in  a  preheated 
oven  at  375F  for  15  minutes;  lower  the  heat  to  350F  and  cook  for  a 
further  20  minutes.  In  the  meantime,  prepare  the  syrup.  Place  all  the 

Greece  -  Baklavas  23 


Welcome  To  E-Cookbooks! 

syrup  ingredients,  apart  from  the  honey,  in  a  saucepan  and  stir  to 
dissolve  the  sugar.  Simmer  for  6-8  minutes,  add  the  honey  and  simmer 
for  a  further  5  minutes  until  it  thickens  slightly.  Let  the  baklava 
cool  down  then  pour  the  hot  but  not  boiling  syrup  slowly  all  over, 
through  a  strainer. 
Let  it  stand  and  absorb  the  syrup.  Cut  and  serve. 


Greece  -  Baklavas  24 


Greece  -  Souvlaki 


1  lemon,  juiced 
1/4  cup  olive  oil 
1/4  cup  soy  sauce 

1  teaspoon  dried  oregano 

3  cloves  garlic,  crushed 

4  pounds  boneless  pork  tenderloin 

2  green  peppers,  cut  into  1  inch  squares 
2  yellow  onions,  cut  into  1  inch  squares 
Tzaziki  (recipe  follows) 

In  a  large  plastic  or  glass  bowl,  mix  together  lemon  juice, 
olive  oil,  soy  sauce,  oregano,  and  garlic.  Add  pork,  onions, 
and  green  pepper;  stir  to  coat.  Cover,  and  refrigerate  for 
2  to  3  hours. 

Preheat  grill  for  medium  high  heat.  Slide  pork,  pepper,  and 
onion  onto  skewers.  When  a  fine  gray  ash  covers  the  coals, 
begin  grilling  the  kabobs.  Cook  about  10  to  15  minutes  total; 
turn  the  skewers  frequently. 

Serve  on  pita  bread  with  Tzaziki  spooned  on  top. 

Tzaziki 

2  cups  plain  full  fat  yogurt 

2  teaspoons  pureed  very  fresh  garlic 

1  teaspoon  salt 

2  cucumbers,  peeled,  seeded  and  grated 

on  large  holes  of  grater 
1/2  teaspoon  freshly  ground  black  pepper 
2  teaspoons  olive  oil 
Fresh  mint  leaves,  for  garnish 

Drain  yogurt  for  1  hour  in  a  cheesecloth-lined  strainer 
to  remove  some  of  its  water.  In  a  bowl,  combine  the 
yogurt,  garlic  and  1/2  teaspoon  salt.  Sprinkle  the 
remaining  1/2  teaspoon  salt  over  the  grated 
cucumber  and  drain,  10  to  15  minutes,  to  extract 
excess  water.  Add  drained  cucumber  to  yogurt,  along 
with  pepper,  and  mix  well.  Cover  and  refrigerate  until 
chilled,  about  1  hour.  Drizzle  with  olive  oil  and  garnish 
with  mint  leaves. 

Greece  -  Souvlaki  25 


Hungary  -  Szekelygulyas 

4-1/2  cups  pork,  cut  into  1-inch  cubes 

3  tbsp.  lard 

2  cups  onion,  sliced 

1  tbsp.  Hungarian  red  paprika 

2  tbsp.  water 

1  tsp.  salt 

2  tsp.  caraway  seeds 

1  clove  garlic,  crushed 
3-1/2  cups  sauerkraut 
1/2  cup  sour  cream 
1  tbsp.  flour 

Roast  the  onion  in  heated  shortening  until  of  yellow  color; 
remove  from  heat.  Stir  in  the  paprika,  add  water,  put  back  onto 
heat.  Add  meat,  salt,  caraway  seeds  and  garlic;  cook  gently  for 
approximately  1/2  hour,  stirring  occasionally.  Add  the  sauerkraut 
and  cook  until  well  done.  Stir  the  flour  into  the  sour  cream,  add 
to  dish,  and  let  simmer  on  very  low  heat  for  about  1 0  minutes. 
Serve  with  dumplings  or  potatoes. 


Hungary  -  Szekelygulyas  26 


Iceland  -  Leg  Of  Lamb  with  Caramel  Potatoes 

Leg  of  Lamb 

1  Leg  of  Lamb 

Salt,  Pepper 

1  cup  Cream 

2-3  tablespoons  Flour 

Put  the  Leg  of  Lamb  on  a  grid  in  a  roasting  pan  and  pour  one  quart 
of  water  into  the  pan.  Place  into  oven,  then  heat  oven  to  300F. 
Roast  for  one  hour  for  each  2  lbs.  of  weight.  Pour  the  stock  from 
the  pan  over  the  Leg  of  Lamb  occasionally  with  a  spoon.  For  the  last 
half  hour  of  cooking  switch  on  the  grill,  and  grill  the  Leg  of  Lamb 
on  both  sides. 

Sieve  the  stock  into  a  casserole  and  skim  off  the  fat.  Thicken  the 
sauce  with  flour,  season,  and  color  with  gravy  browning.  Stir  in  the 
cream  and  remove  from  the  heat. 
Serve  with  Caramel  Potatoes. 


Caramel  Potatoes 

1  lb.  Potatoes,  medium  size,  cooked  and  peeled 
1  1/2  oz.  Margarine 
5  tablespoons  Sugar 

Place  the  sugar  on  a  frying  pan  and  heat  until  it  starts  melting, 
stir  in  the  margarine.  When  golden,  remove  from  heat,  add  potatoes, 
rolling  them  carefully  around  so  they  are  completely  covered  with 
caramel. 


Iceland  -  Leg  Of  Lamb  with  Caramel  Potatoes  27 


India  -  Naan 


4  cups  all-purpose  flour 
1  Tablespoon  sugar 

1  Tablespoon  double-acting  baking  powder 
1/4  teaspoon  baking  soda 

1/2  tsp  salt 

2  eggs 

1  cup  milk 

4  to  6  teaspoons  ghee  or  melted  butter 

Combine  the  dry  ingredients  in  a  large  mixing  bowl  and  stir  until 
the  ingredients  are  thoroughly  mixed.  Make  a  well  in  the  center  of 
the  mixture  and  add  the  eggs,  stirring  them  into  the  mixture.  Add 
the  milk  in  a  thin  stream  (or  a  little  at  a  time  if  you  only  have 
two  hands),  and  stir  until  all  the  ingredients  are  well  combined. 
Gather  the  dough  into  a  ball  and  knead  for  about  1 0  minutes,  adding 
a  little  flour  as  needed  to  prevent  sticking,  until  the  dough  is 
smooth  and  can  be  gathered  into  a  soft,  somewhat  sticky  ball.  Moisten 
your  hands  with  a  teaspoon  of  ghee,  rub  it  over  the  ball  of  dough, 
and  place  it  in  a  bowl.  Drape  a  kitchen  towel  over  the  bowl  and  allow 
to  sit  at  room  temperature  for  about  3  hours. 
Place  two  ungreased  baking  sheets  in  the  oven  and  preheat  the  oven 
and  the  sheets  to  450F.  Divide  the  dough  into  6  equal  pieces  and 
flatten  each  into  a  tear-drop,  or  leaf  shape  about  6  inches  long 
and  31/2  inches  across  at  its  widest  point.  Use  your  fingers  to  do 
this,  and  moisten  them  with  ghee  as  needed  to  prevent  the  dough 
from  sticking.  The  ghee  also  assures  the  proper  texture  of  the  bread, 
so  moisten  your  fingers  with  it  even  if  the  dough  is  not  sticky. 
Arrange  the  bread  "leaves"  side  by  side  on  the  preheated  baking 
sheets  and  bake  them  for  about  6  minutes,  or  until  they  are  firm  to 
the  touch.  Slide  them  under  the  broiler  for  a  minute  or  so  to  brown 
the  tops  lightly.  Serve  warm  or  at  room  temperature. 


India  -  Naan  28 


Italy  -  Basic  Italian  Bread 

Biga: 
1/2  Teaspoon  Active  Dry  Yeast 

1  Cup  Lukewarm  water 

2  Cups  Unbleached,  All-purpose  Flour 

Mix  the  yeast  and  water  together,  and  then  slowly  start  adding 
the  flour,  mixing  well.  Cover  with  plastic  wrap  and  let  sit  at 
room  temperature  for  up  to  6  hours.  Refrigerate  overnight. 

Bread: 
2  Cups  Warm  Water  (about  90  degrees  F.) 

1  Pkg.  Active  Dry  Yeast 

5-6  Cups  All-purpose,  Unbleached  Flour 

2  Ts.  Salt 

Place  the  water  in  a  large  bowl,  sprinkle  the  yeast  overtop  and 
mix  well.  Let  sit  10  minutes  until  bubbly.  Add  the  biga,  flour, 
and  salt  and  stir  with  a  wooden  spoon  (or  mix  with  your  hands) 
until  everything  is  mixed.  The  dough  will  be  fairly  wet  and 
sticky  at  this  point.  Cover  and  let  stand  in  a  warm  spot  for 
about  1  to  1  1/2  hours  until  doubled  in  volume. 
Punch  down  the  dough,  folding  it  over  on  itself  two  or  three 
times,  cover  and  let  rise  once  more  until  doubled,  about  1  hour. 
If  you  choose,  you  could  refrigerate  your  dough  at  this  time  and 
leave  it  overnight  to  prepare  the  next  day. 
Turn  out  your  dough  onto  a  floured  baking  sheet,  and  without 
overworking  it  too  much,  shape  into  one  large  or  two  smaller 
round  or  oval  shaped  loaves,  using  as  much  extra  flour  as  needed 
to  keep  it  from  sticking.  Slash  across  the  tops  of  the  loaves 
with  a  serrated  knife  or  razor  just  prior  to  baking. 
Preheat  the  oven  to  350F  and  place  a  casserole  dish  with  boiling 
water  on  the  lower  oven  rack.  Bake  your  bread  30  minutes,  turn 
the  baking  sheet  around,  and  reduce  the  heat  to  300F  and  bake 
for  another  30-45  minutes.  At  this  point  your  bread  should  be 
golden  brown  and  should  sound  hollow  when  you  tap  the  bottom. 
Allow  the  bread  to  cool  to  room  temperature  and  serve. 


Italy  -  Basic  Italian  Bread  29 


Italy  -  Gnocchi  Alia  Giordano 

2  pounds  Baking  potatoes 
cup  All-purpose  flour 
1  Whole  egg  plus 

1  Egg  yolk,  lightly  beaten 

2  tablespoons  Unsalted  butter,  softened 
1  teaspoon  Salt 

Freshly  grated  Parmesan  cheese 
Tomato  sauce 

Boil  the  potatoes  in  their  jackets,  drain,  peel  and  put  through 
a  ricer  or  food  mill.  While  the  potatoes  are  still  warm,  blend  in 
the  flour,  add  the  egg,  egg  yolk,  butter  and  salt. 
Place  the  potato  mixture  on  a  floured  board  and  knead  lightly;  the 
dough  will  be  soft.  Roll  the  dough  in  1"  thick  sticks  about  10"  long. 
Cut  each  roll  into  3/4"  pieces. 

Rub  each  piece  of  dough  lightly  over  the  coarse  side  of  a  cheese 
grater  over  a  large  pot  of  boiling  salted  water.  Cook  the  gnocchi 
until  they  rise  to  the  top  of  the  water.  Using  a  slotted  spoon, 
remove  the  gnocchi  to  a  warm  bowl. 
Sprinkle  with  Parmesan  cheese,  top  with  tomato  sauce  and  serve. 


Italy  -  Gnocchi  Alia  Giordano  30 


Italy  -  Asparagus  Pasta  col  Pesto 

3  cloves  garlic,  minced 

1/4  to  1/2  cup  olive  oil  (do  not  substitute) 

1  cup  chopped  or  sliced  asparagus,  use  only  the  tender  half 
or  tips  (asparagus  can  be  substituted  with  broccoli, 
string  beans,  or  zucchini) 

2  tablespoons  minced  onion 

1/4  to  1/2  cup  fresh  basil,  finely  chopped 
8  ounces  pasta  noodles  of  your  choice 
grated  Parmesan  cheese 

Quick  Pesto  Sauce:  Saute  garlic,  onion,  and  basil  in  olive  oil  until 
the  garlic  and  onion  turns  light  brown.  Do  not  over  cook.  Set  aside 
and  keep  warm. 

Prepare  the  pasta  of  your  choice  according  to  package  directions 
except  for  the  following: 

Add  1  to  2  cups  additional  water.  Just  before  water  begins  to  boil, 
add  the  asparagus  or  the  vegetables  of  your  choice.  When  the  water 
begins  to  boil  add  the  pasta  and  cook  according  to  directions 
Drain  the  pasta  and  vegetable  mixture  and  pour  the  pesto  sauce  over 
the  top,  tossing  lightly  to  coat.  Top  with  parmesan  cheese  and  serve 
with  French  bread  and  additional  parmesan  cheese. 


Italy  -  Asparagus  Pasta  col  Pesto  31 


Japan  -  Yakitori 


The  sauce: 

1  tablespoon  granulated  sugar 

1/4  cup  mirin  (sweetened  cooking  sake) 

1/2  cup  sake 

1/2  cup  soy  sauce 

Mix  ingredients  over  high  heat  and  bring  to  a  boil.  Reduce  heat  to 
medium-low  and  simmer  until  reduced  to  one  cup.  (About  10  to  15  min.) 
Set  aside. 

12  ounces  of  boned,  skinless  chicken 
8  ounces  of  chicken  livers 
cold  water 

4  medium  dried  Chinese  black  mushrooms,  soaked  in  hot  water 
until  soft 

2  medium  green  bell  peppers 
1  medium  leek 

16  to  20  skewers 

1  lemon,  cut  into  wedges 

Soak  the  bambo  skewers  in  cold  water  while  you  cut  up  the  ingredients. 
Cut  the  chicken  into  squares  and  the  liver  into  squares  and  place  the 
livers  into  the  cold  water  and  cover.  Let  stand  5  min.  then  drain  and 
pat  dry. 

Remove  the  mushroom  stems  from  the  water  and  cut  each  cap  into  halves. 
Then  cut  each  green  pepper  into  1-inch  squares.  Cut  the  leeks  into 
1-  inch  lengths. 

Thread  the  pieces  of  food  on  the  skewers  in  alternating  order,  then 
place  on  a  hot  grill  and  baste  with  the  sauce.  Cook  for  about  3  to  4 
min.  Do  not  overcook  or  the  chicken  will  be  dry. 
Serve  with  the  lemon  wedges. 


Japan  -  Yakitori  32 


Korea  -  Kim  Chee 


2  pounds  napa  or  celery  cabbage 

1/2  cup  coarse  salt 

4  cups  water 

1  1/2  tablespoons  crushed  red  pepper  flakes 

1  clove  garlic,  finely  minced 

1  teaspoon  fresh  ginger,  minced 

1  tablespoon  granulated  sugar 

2  green  onions,  finely  chopped 

Rinse  the  cabbage  in  cold  water  and  drain.  Cut  the  cabbage 
into  1-1/2-inch  squares.  Sprinkle  with  salt,  add  the  water, 
and  let  stand  overnight. 

Rinse  the  cabbage  in  cold  water  and  drain.  Using  a  wooden  spoon, 
blend  the  remaining  ingredients  and  stir  this  well  into  the 
cabbage  pieces.  Pack  into  a  quart  jar  or  other  container  and  cover. 
Place  the  jar  in  a  plastic  bag  to  prevent  the  odors  from  spreading 
to  other  foods.  Refrigerate  and  let  stand  four  to  five  days  to  cure. 


Korea  -  Kim  Chee  33 


Libya  -  Halawah  Bil-Fawaaki 

2  large  plums,  diced 

1  large  apple,  peeled,  cored,  and  diced 

2  medium  peaches,  diced 

1  cup  diced  cantaloupe 
1/4  cup  raisins 

2  tablespoons  lemon  juice 
1/2  cup  honey,  melted 

3  tablespoons  butter,  melted 

1  teaspoon  cinnamon 
1/2  cup  couscous 

2  tablespoons  crushed  pistachios 

Combine,  plums,  apple,  peaches,  cantaloupe,  raisins,  lemon  juice, 
and  honey  in  a  saucepan;  then  cover  and  cook  over  low  heat  for 
10  minutes.  Add  butter,  cinnamon  and  couscous.  Cook  over  low  heat, 
stirring  often,  until  couscous  is  done. 

Transfer  to  a  serving  bowl  and  allow  to  cool  for  1  hour.  Sprinkle 
with  pistachios  just  before  serving. 


Libya  -  Halawah  Bil-Fawaaki  34 


Mexico  -  Carne  Asada 

2  pounds  flank  steak 
12  flour  tortillas 
1/2  cup  tequila 
1/4  cup  lime  juice 
1/4  cup  lemon  juice 
1/4  cup  orange  juice 
4  cloves  garlic  crushed 
1  medium  onion  chopped 
1  teaspoon  black  pepper 
1  cup  salsa 
1  cup  guacamole 
1  teaspoon  tobasco 

Mix  juices,  garlic,  onion,  tequila,  tobasco  and  pepper  in  a 
bowl.  Add  meat  and  marinate  both  sides.  Cover  and  refrigerate, 
turning  meat  over  occasionally.  Let  sit  for  4  hours  or  more. 
Preheat  grill.  Place  a  few  drops  of  water  on  each  tortilla, 
stack  and  wrap  in  aluminum  foil.  Place  on  grill.  Remove  meat 
from  marinade,  reserving  marinade.  Place  on  grill.  Turn  steak 
and  tortillas  once  during  cooking.  Brush  steak  with  remaining 
marinade. 

Cook  to  your  liking  (1 2  to  15  minutes  for  medium-rare).  Cut 
into  thin  slices.  Place  a  few  slices  of  steak  on  each  tortilla 
with  salsa  and  guacamole  and  serve. 


Mexico  -  Carne  Asada  35 


Mexico  -  Flan 


1/2  Cup  Sugar 

1  Cup  Milk 

3  Large  Egg  yolks 

1  Teaspoon  Vanilla  extract 

14  Ounce  Sweetened  condensed  milk 

3  Large  Eggs 

1/2  Teaspoon  Almond  extract 

In  a  small  saucepan  melt  sugar  over  moderate  heat,  stirring 
frequently,  until  sugar  is  a  dark,  caramel-colored  liquid.  Remove 
from  heat  and  pour  into  a  4  cup  metal  ring  mold  or  8  individual 
molds.  Quickly  turn  mold  to  coat  bottom  and  sides  with  the  caramel. 
Let  cool  so  caramel  hardens. 

Heat  oven  to  325F.  Put  the  condensed  milk,  milk,  eggs,  egg  yolks 
and  flavorings  into  an  electric  blender.  Cover  and  blend  to  mix  well. 
Pour  mixture  into  mold;  put  mold  in  a  larger  pan  filled  with  water 
to  depth  of  1/2".  Bake  for  1  hour.  Remove  from  oven  and  remove  mold 
from  water.  Cool  and  then  refrigerate  up  to  2  days. 
Cover  mold  with  an  inverted  serving  platter.  Hold  mold  and  platter 
together  and  turn  them  over.  Lift  off  mold.  Caramel  will  fall  as 
a  liquid  sauce  over  the  custard. 


Mexico  -  Flan  36 


Mexico  -  Sopaipillas 


4  Cup  Flour 

2  Teaspoon  Sugar 

1/4  Cup  Shortening  or  lard 

1  Tablespoon  Baking  powder 

1-1/2  Teaspoon  Salt 

1  1/4  Cup  Water  or  more  if  needed 

Sift  dry  ingredients  together.  Cut  in  shortening  until  crumbly. 
Add  water  and  mix  until  holds  together.  Knead  10-15  times  until 
dough  forms  a  smooth  ball.  Cover  and  let  set  for  20  minutes. 
Divide  dough  into  two  parts.  Roll  dough  to  1/8"  thickness  on 
lightly  floured  board.  Cut  into  3"  squares  or  triangles.  Do  not 
allow  to  dry;  cover  those  waiting  to  be  fried.  When  ready  to  fry, 
turn  upside  down  so  that  surface  on  bottom  while  resting  is  on  top 
when  frying.  Fry  in  3"  hot  oil  until  golden  brown,  turning  once. 
Add  only  a  few  at  a  time  to  maintain  proper  temperature. 
Drain  on  paper  towels. 


Mexico  -  Sopaipillas  37 


Netherlands  -  Oliebollen 

1  envelope  dry  yeast 

3  tablespoon  sugar 
1/2  cup  warm  water 

(Put  yeast  and  sugar  in  warm  water  and  soak  10  minutes) 

2  well-beaten  eggs 
1/2  cups  warm  water 
1/2  teaspoon  vanilla 

1  teaspoon  salt 

4  cups  flour 

2  cups  seedless  raisins 

3  apples,  peeled  and  diced 
powdered  sugar  to  dust 

Mix  together  yeast  mixture,  eggs,  water,  vanilla  and  salt. 
Add  to  flour  slowly  while  mixing.  Add  fruit,  combine  and 
let  rise  1  1/2  hours. 

Drop  small  portions  in  hot  frying  oil;  cook  until  browned, 
drain,  and  dust  with  powdered  sugar. 


Netherlands  -  Oliebollen  38 


Newfoundland  -  Salt  Cod  Chowder 

1  lb.  salt  cod  fish 

1/4  cup  finely  diced  fat  salt  pork 

1  medium  thinly  sliced  onion 

3  cups  diced  raw  potatoes 

1  cup  diced  raw  carrot 

3  cups  boiling  water 

1  tsp.  salt 

1/2  tsp.  pepper 

1  cup  canned  corn  niblets 

3  cups  heated  milk 

Freshen  salt  cod  by  soaking  it  overnight  in  cold  water  to  cover. 
Drain,  and  place  in  a  stewing  pot,  and  cover  with  fresh  water. 
Bring  to  simmer  with  low  heat,  Drain,  if  the  fish  is  still  too 
salty,  add  fresh  cold  water,  and  bring  to  simmer  again,  and  drain. 
Fry  salt  pork  in  stewing  pot  until  crisp.  Remove  fried  pork  scraps 
and  reserve  for  garnish.  Cook  onion  in  pork  fat  until  tender.  Add 
potatoes,  carrots,  water,  salt,  and  pepper  and  cook  covered  about 
ten  minutes,  or  until  vegetables  are  tender.  Add  corn  and  heated 
milk  and  freshened  salt  cod.  Bring  chowder  to  a  simmering  temperature, 
but  do  not  boil.  Garnish  with  the  pork  scraps. 
Serve  hot,  with  freshly  baked  home  made  bread  or  rolls  and  butter. 


Newfoundland  -  Salt  Cod  Chowder  39 


Nicaragua  -  Gallo  Pinto 

1  cup  gallo  pinto  beans 

1  bay  leaf 

1  small  onion,  peeled 

1  whole  clove 

2  cloves  garlic,  peeled 
salt 

1  1/2  cups  long-grain  white  rice 
4  tbsp  olive  oil 
1  onion,  finely  chopped 
Freshly  ground  black  pepper 

Soak  the  beans  in  a  pot  in  cold  water  covered  by  at  least  three 
inches  of  water  at  least  four  hours.  Drain  the  beans  and  place  in 
a  large  pot  with  two  quarts  of  water.  Pin  the  bay  leaf  to  the  onion 
with  the  clove,  and  add  to  the  beans.  Add  the  garlic.  Gradually  bring 
the  beans  to  a  boil,  skimming  off  any  foam.  Reduce  the  heat  and 
gently  simmer  the  beans,  uncovered,  until  tender,  about  1  1/2  hours, 
adding  salt,  to  taste,  during  the  last  ten  minutes.  Drain  the  beans 
and  refresh  under  cold  water.  Discard  the  onion. 
Bring  2  1/2  cups  of  water  and  1  teaspoon  salt  to  boil  in  a  large 
heavy  saucepan.  Add  the  rice  and  return  to  a  boil.  Reduce  the  heat 
and  gently  simmer  the  rice  until  tender,  about  18  minutes.  Let  the 
rice  sit,  covered,  five  minutes,  and  fluff  with  a  fork. 
Heat  oil  in  a  large  frying  pan.  Add  the  onion  and  thoroughly  brown 
over  medium  heat,  about  five  minutes.  Add  the  beans  and  rice  and 
cook  over  medium  heat  until  the  rice  is  lightly  browned  and  the 
mixture  is  very  aromatic,  about  five  minutes. 
Correct  the  seasonings  before  serving. 


Nicaragua  -  Gallo  Pinto  40 


Norway  -  Norwegian  Meatballs 

1/4  cup  milk 

1/2  cup  cornstarch 

1  pound  ground  chuck 

1  medium  onion,  finely  chopped 

3/4  teaspoon  salt 

1/2  teaspoon  ground  nutmeg 

1/4  teaspoon  pepper 

1  egg 

2  tablespoons  vegetable  oil 

2  (13  1/2  oz.)  cans  beef  broth 
4  cups  hot  mashed  potatoes 
2/3  cup  sour  cream 
Fresh  dill  sprigs 

In  large  bowl,  mix  milk  and  1/4  cup  of  the  cornstarch  until  well 
blended.  Add  meat,  onion,  salt,  nutmeg,  pepper,  and  egg.  Mix  until 
well  blended.  Cover.  Refrigerate  at  least  20  minutes  for  easier 
shaping. 

Shape  chilled  meat  mixture  into  1-inch  balls.  In  12-inch  skillet, 
over  medium  heat,  heat  oil  until  hot.  Cook  meatballs,  half  at  a  time, 
until  browned  on  all  sides,  about  8  to  10  minutes.  Remove  with  a 
slotted  spoon.  Drain  on  paper  towels. 

Pour  off  all  but  1/4  cup  drippings,  adding  oil  if  necessary,  to  make 
1/4  cup.  In  a  medium  bowl,  mix  beef  broth  and  remaining  1/4  cup 
cornstarch  until  well-blended.  Pour  into  skillet.  Over  medium  heat, 
cook  while  stirring  constantly,  until  sauce  boils  and  thickens. 
Add  the  meatballs.  Reduce  heat  to  low.  Cover  and  simmer  15  minutes. 
Stir  in  sour  cream  and  remove  from  heat. 

Spoon  hot  mashed  potatoes  in  center  of  platter.  With  slotted  spoon, 
place  meatballs  around  potatoes.  Garnish  potatoes  with  dill  sprigs 
and  serve  gravy  on  the  side. 


Norway  -  Norwegian  Meatballs  41 


Peru  -  Papas  a  la  Huancaina 

10  medium  potatoes  (new  potatoes  are  best) 

1  pound  feta  cheese 

2  small  hot  peppers 

1  cup  evaporated  milk 
1/2  cup  vegetable  oil 

2  cloves  garlic 

8  saltine  crackers 
1  tsp.  prepared  mustard 
salt  and  pepper 
lettuce 

3  hard  cooked  eggs 
black  olives 

Cook  and  peel  potatoes  and  allow  to  cool. 
In  a  blender,  blend  the  cheese,  peppers,  milk,  oil,  garlic, 
crackers,  mustard,  salt  and  pepper.  The  sauce  should  be  fairly 
thick;  add  crackers  if  not  thick  enough,  add  milk  if  too  thick. 
Lay  a  bed  of  lettuce  in  a  serving  dish  and  place  the  potatoes 
on  top.  Cover  with  the  sauce.  Cut  the  hard  boiled  eggs  in  half 
and  place  on  top  of  the  potatoes.  Add  black  olives  if  desired. 


Peru  -  Papas  a  la  Huancaina  42 


Philippines  -  Pancit  Canton 

1/2  pound  pork,  cubed 
1  chicken  breast,  cubed 
3  cups  chicken  broth 

1  tablesoon  cooking  oil 

2  tablespoons  minced  garlic 
1/2  cup  chopped  onion 

1  tablespoon  salt 

1/2  pound  small  shrimps,  peeled  and  deveined 

1  tablespoon  black  pepper 

2  cups  cauliflower  (divided  into  florets) 
2  cups  snow  peas 

2  cups  cabbage,  sliced  into  1  inch  strips 
1  cup  diced  carrots 

1  cup  sliced  celery 

2  tablespoon  soy  sauce 
1  tablespoon  sesame  oil 

12  ounces  Cantonese  noodles  (egg  noodles) 

In  a  frying  pan,  heat  oil  and  saute  garlic  until  brown.  Add  onion 
and  cook  until  transparent.  Season  with  salt.  Stir  in  pork,  chicken, 
shrimps  and  pepper.  Simmer  for  20  minutes.  Add  broth  and  vegetables. 
Season  with  soy  sauce  and  sesame  oil.  Add  noodles  and  cook  until 
noodles  are  flexible  and  not  crunchy.  Season  with  salt  and  pepper 
to  taste.  Top  with  scallions  if  desired. 


Philippines  -  Pancit  Canton  43 


Poland  -  Babka 


1  1/4  cups  butter  or  margarine,  softened 

2  cups  milk 

1  cake  yeast 

1/2  cup  warm  water  (110  degrees  F) 

5  eggs 

4  egg  yolks 

1  cup  white  sugar 

1  teaspoon  salt 

1  teaspoon  vanilla  extract 

1  tablespoon  orange  flavored  liqueur,  optional 

grated  zest  of  2  oranges 

grated  zest  of  1  lemon 

9-10  cups  all-purpose  flour 

1  1/2  cups  currants 

1  1/2  cups  raisins 

1  1/2  cups  golden  raisins 

1  cup  chopped  slivered  almonds 

1/2  cup  packed  brown  sugar 

1  teaspoon  ground  cinnamon 

1  cup  all-purpose  flour 

Place  yeast  in  a  small  bowl,  and  pour  warm  water  over  it.  Stir 
with  a  spoon  to  break  up  the  yeast.  Set  aside  for  2  to  3  minutes. 
In  a  small  saucepan,  scald  milk.  Add  1  cup  butter  or  margarine, 
and  stir  until  melted.  Remove  from  heat,  and  let  cool  until  lukewarm. 
In  a  mixing  bowl,  beat  4  eggs  and  egg  yolks  with  an  electric  mixer 
with  a  paddle  attachment.  Add  sugar  and  salt,  and  continue  to  beat 
until  mixture  is  thick  and  pale.  Add  vanilla,  orange-flavored  liqueur, 
zests,  and  yeast  mixture.  Combine.  Beat  in  4  cups  flour  gradually. 
Add  milk  mixture  alternately  with  remaining  4  cups  flour  while 
beating  on  medium  speed.  Add  up  to  an  additional  1  cup  flour  if  the 
dough  is  sticky.  Mix  in  currants,  raisins,  golden  raisins,  and  almonds. 
Transfer  dough  to  a  clean  large  bowl.  Knead  using  a  large  wooden 
spoon  until  the  dough  pulls  away  and  doesn't  stick  to  the  spoon, 
about  8  to  10  minutes.  Transfer  dough  to  a  large  buttered  bowl, 
and  turn  to  coat.  Cover  with  plastic  wrap.  Place  in  a  warm  place 
until  dough  reaches  the  top  of  the  bowl,  about  1  to  2  hours.  Punch 
the  dough  down,  re-cover  the  bowl,  and  allow  to  rise  again. 
Butter  3  angel  food  cake  pans.  In  a  small  bowl,  combine  1  cup  flour, 
4  tablespoons  butter  or  margarine,  brown  sugar,  and  cinnamon  to  form 

Poland  -  Babka  44 


Welcome  To  E-Cookbooks! 

crumb  topping.  Sprinkle  evenly  among  the  3  pans. 
Preheat  oven  to  350  degrees  F. 

Punch  the  dough  down  again.  Turn  out  onto  a  lightly  floured  surface. 
Knead  for  1  minute.  Cut  into  thirds,  and  transfer  dough  to  prepared 
pans.  Cover  loosely  with  plastic  wrap.  Allow  to  rise  to  the  top  of 
pan.  Beat  remaining  egg,  and  brush  the  top  of  the  dough. 
Bake  until  golden  brown  and  hollow  sounding  when  tapped,  about 
30  to  45  minutes.  Immediately  turn  out  onto  a  cooling  rack  so  bread 
does  not  stick  to  the  pan.  Cool. 


Poland  -  Babka  45 


Poland  -  Pieczen  Siekana 

3  pounds  ground  beef 

1  pound  ground  pork 

1/4  pound  kidney  fat,  chopped  fine 

1  cup  bread  crumbs,  day  old 

1  onion,  chopped  fine 

2  egg  yolks 

1/4  pound  salt  pork,  chopped 

3  tablespoons  butter 
1  tablespoon  flour 
1/2  teaspoon  savory 
1/2  cup  heavy  cream 
Salt  and  pepper 

Fry  onion  in  butter  until  transparent,  not  yellow.  Combine  the  meat, 
kidney  fat,  salt  pork,  bread  crumbs,  onion,  egg  yolks,  and  seasonings 
and  mix  very  thoroughly  with  your  hand.  Shape  into  a  loaf,  rub  with 
butter  and  bake  at  350F  for  one  hour.  Baste  often.  In  the  last  15 
minutes,  sprinkle  flour  on  meat  and  add  cream. 


Poland  -  Pieczen  Siekana  46 


Portugal  -  Caldeirada  De  Peixe 

1/2  pound  fish  or  shellfish,  any  kind 
1/2  teaspoons  salt 
4  tablespoons  olive  oil 

2  onions,  chopped 

8  tomatoes,  peeled  &  chopped 
1  green  pepper,  seeded  &  chopped 
4  large  cloves  garlic,  crushed 
1  pinch  nutmeg 
1/2  teaspoon  ground  allspice 

3  teaspoons  piri-piri  sauce  (recipe  follows) 
1  small  glass  dry  white  wine 

1/2  ounce  cilantro,  chopped 

4  slices  of  bread  with  the  crusts  cut  off 

Clean  the  fish  and  cut  into  fairly  small  pieces, 
removing  as  many  bones  as  possible.  Sprinkle  the  salt 
over  the  fish  and  leave  while  you  make  the  following 
sauce.  Heat  2-3  Tbsp  of  the  oil  in  a  saucepan  and  stir 
in  the  onions,  tomatoes  and  pepper.  Cook  gently  until 
they  start  to  soften,  then  put  in  the  garlic,  nutmeg, 
allspice  and  piri-piri  sauce.  Add  the  wine  and  a 
little  water.  Cook  for  about  5  minutes,  stirring 
frequently,  then  remove  from  the  heat.  Lightly  oil  the 
bottom  of  a  shallow,  ovenproof  dish  (preferably 
earthenware).  Put  in  a  layer  of  fish  followed  by  a 
layer  of  sauce  and  sprinkle  with  coriander.  Continue 
with  these  layers  until  the  ingredients  are  used  up. 
Cover  the  top  of  with  the  bread  and  sprinkle  well  with 
the  remaining  oil  or  dot  with  a  little  butter.  Cook  in 
a  pre-heated  oven  at  350F  for  about  30  minutes  or  until 
the  fish  is  tender.  Serve  with  boiled  or  sliced  and  fried 
potatoes,  bread  and  a  slad  to  make  a  substantial  main  meal. 

If  you  cannot  obtain  coriander  leaves,  you  can  use  fresh 
parsley  instead,  but  this  will  alter  the  flavor  of  the  dish. 

Piri-Piri  Sauce: 

1  1/4  cups  olive  oil 

8  chilli  peppers  with  tops  removed 

1  small  piece  lemon  rind 

Portugal  -  Caldeirada  De  Peixe  47 


Welcome  To  E-Cookbooks! 

1  bay  leaf 

Pour  the  oil  into  a  small,  screw-top  jar  and  add  the  chilli 
peppers,  bay  leaf  and  lemon  rind.  Screw  on  the  top  and  shake. 
Leave  to  stand  in  a  warm  place  for  at  least  24  hours  before  use. 
It  will  keep  at  room  temperature  indefinitely. 


Portugal  -  Caldeirada  De  Peixe  48 


Puerto  Rico  -  Taino  Polio  Picante 

1  4-pound  chicken 

8  garlic  cloves,  peeled 

1  teaspoon  salt 

1  tablespoon  chopped  fresh  oregano 

1  teaspoon  black  peppercorns 

4  small  hot  chili  peppers 

1  teaspoon  minced  fresh  gingerroot 
1/4  teaspoon  saffron  threads 

1/2  teaspoon  ground  cumin  seeds 
1/2  cup  olive  oil 

2  teaspoons  paprika 

3  chopped  green  onions 

2  medium  tomatoes,  chopped 
1/3  cup  chicken  stock 
1/2  cup  burgundy 

1  tablespoon  chopped  fresh  cilantro 
Garnish:  lemon  wedges 

Wash  the  chicken  parts,  pat  dry  and  remove  the  skin.  Place  in  a 
deep  square  pan  and  set  aside.  In  the  belly  of  a  mortar,  combine 
garlic,  salt,  oregano,  and  black  peppercorns.  Press  down  with  the 
pestle  until  garlic  is  crushed  and  peppercorns  are  cracked,  then 
add  the  chili  peppers,  minced  ginger,  and  saffron  threads.  Slowly 
pound  the  mixture  until  achieving  a  paste  and  incorporate  the  oil 
slowly.  At  the  same  time,  stir  with  a  spoon  to  break  down  the  paste. 
Spread  the  mixture  evenly  over  the  chicken  parts,  lifting  the 
chicken  pieces  to  ensure  distribution  of  the  marinade  to  the  bottom 
of  the  chicken  parts.  Sprinkle  all  parts  with  paprika.  Cover  and 
refrigerate  overnight.  If  no  mortar  and  pestle  is  available,  execute 
the  steps  in  a  blender  set  on  low  speed  until  all  the  ingredients 
are  coarsely  chopped,  then  remove  the  canister,  add  the  oil  and 
shake  or  stir  to  break  down  the  paste  and  blend  the  ingredients. 
In  a  preheated  deep  skillet,  over  low-to-medium  heat,  arrange 
marinated  chicken  pieces  side  by  side  and  brown  the  chicken  on  all 
sides.  Spread  the  chopped  onions,  chopped  tomatoes,  and  drizzle  the 
burgundy  over  the  chicken  parts.  Cover  and  finish  cooking  on  low 
heat  for  approximately  35  minutes.  Remove  from  heat  and  sprinkle 
chopped  cilantro  on  the  chicken  prior  to  serving. 


Puerto  Rico  -  Taino  Polio  Picante  49 


Puerto  Rico  -  Sancocho 

2  tablespoons  olive  oil 

5  garlic  cloves,  minced 

1-1/2  pounds  top  round  beef,  cubed  into  1-1/2-inch  pieces 

1/3  cup  chopped  yellow  onions 

1/3  cup  chopped  green  pepper 

1/3  cup  chopped  celery 

1  teaspoon  minced  fresh  ginger  root 

1  chili  pepper;  seeded  and  minced 

5  sprigs  of  cilantro,  chopped 

1/4  teaspoon  ground  cumin 

1  teaspoon  pulverized  rock  salt 
1/4  teaspoon  ground  white  pepper 
1/3  cup  burgundy  wine 

4  medium  tomatoes,  cored  and  chopped 
4  quarts  beef  stock 

2  green  bananas,  peeled  and  slice  into  1-inch  pieces 

1  yellow  plantain,  peeled  and  sliced  into  1/2-inch  pieces 
1  medium  sweet  potato  (1/2  pound),  diced  into  1-inch  pieces 
1/2  pound  butternut  squash,  peeled  and  cubed  into  1-inch  pieces 

3  medium  new  potatoes,  scrubbed  clean  and  quartered 

1  large  chayote,  peeled,  cored,  and  diced  into  1-inch  pieces 

2  ears  of  white  corn,  cleaned  and  sliced  into  6  parts  each 

In  a  preheated  kettle  over  low-to-medium  heat,  combine  olive  oil, 
garlic,  beef  cubes,  and  onions,  stir  until  beef  is  brown  on  all  sides 
and  onions  begin  to  clear.  Fold  in  chopped  pepper,  celery,  ginger  root, 
chili  pepper,  cilantro,  cumin,  salt,  white  pepper,  burgundy  wine, 
tomatoes,  and  1  quart  of  beef  stock.  Cook  down  until  stock  is  reduced 
by  half. 

Stir  beef,  then  fold  in  all  the  remaining  vegetables  and  beef  stock. 
Continue  to  cook  until  meat  is  tender  and  the  vegetables  soft. 


Puerto  Rico  -  Sancocho  50 


Russia  -  Blinis 


2  cups  milk,  scalded  and  cooled 
2  packages  quick  rising  yeast 
1/2  cup  warm  water  (105F) 

1  teaspoon  sugar 

1/2  cup  buckwheat  flour 

2  cups  all-purpose  flour 

3  eggs,  separated 
1/2  teaspoon  salt 

3  tablespoons  sour  cream 

3  tablespoons  melted  butter,  cooled;  plus  more  for  cooking 

1  1/2  cups  additional  milk 

Put  the  yeast  in  water  and  add  sugar.  Let  sit  for  5  minutes, 
then  stir  to  dissolve  the  yeast. 

In  an  electric  mixer  combine  the  scalded  (cooled)  milk,  yeast 
mixture,  both  flours,  the  egg  yolks  only,  salt,  sour  cream, 
and  melted  butter.  Mix  thoroughly.  Beat  the  egg  whites  until 
they  form  soft  peaks  and  gently  fold  into  the  batter.  Allow 
to  rise  for  30  minutes,  and  then  stir  in  additional  milk. 
Heat  an  electric  skillet  to  400F,  or  a  large  frying  pan  on 
medium  high.  Brush  the  pan  with  a  bit  of  butter  and  fry  the 
pancakes  using  3  tablespoons  of  batter  for  each.  They  should 
be  about  3  to  4  inches  in  diameter.  Cook  until  golden  and 
turn.  Serve  with  lumpfish  caviar  and/or  sour  cream. 


Russia-  Blinis  51 


Russia  -  Pelmeni 


2  cups  flour 

1  cup  milk  or  water 

1/2  teaspoon  salt 

1  tablespoon  vegetable  oil 

3  eggs 

1/2  pound  beef 

1/2  pound  pork 

1  medium  onion 

salt  and  pepper,  to  taste 

Grind  beef  and  pork  twice  in  meat  chopper.  Then  add  chopped  onion, 
salt,  and  pepper.  To  make  mincemeat  more  tender  and  juicy,  add  a  bit 
of  milk.  Reserve. 

Mix  flour  with  eggs  and  milk,  salt  and  oil  until  a  soft  dough  forms. 
Knead  on  floured  surface  until  dough  is  elastic.  Take  some  dough  and 
make  a  "sausage"  (1  inch  in  diameter).  Divide  into  pieces  (1  inch 
thick).  Roll  each  piece  so  that  they  are  1/16  inch  thick.  Take  a  glass 
or  a  cup  and  make  2  inch  rounds.  Fill  each  round  with  1  teaspoon  of 
the  mincemeat,  fold  into  half-moons.  Pinch  edges  together  and  connect 
the  opposite  sides.  Pelmeni  can  be  frozen  to  be  cooked  later  (you  can 
keep  them  in  the  freezer  for  a  long  time),  or  cooked  immediately. 
To  cook  pelmeni,  boil  in  a  lot  of  water,  as  they  can  stick  to  each 
other.  Salt  the  water  rather  heavily.  Carefully  drop  pelmeni  into 
boiling  water.  Stir  them  from  time  to  time  and  boil  for  20  minutes. 
Pelmeni  are  served  with  butter,  sour  cream,  vinegar,  or  ketchup. 


Russia-  Pelmeni  52 


Switzerland  -  Swiss  Fondue 

10  oz.  grated  Swiss  Cheese 
10  oz.  Grated  Gruyere  Cheese 
15  oz.  White  Wine  (dry) 

2  oz.  Kirschwasser  (cherry  brandy) 

1  clove  Garlic 

3  teaspoons  Cornstarch 
pinch  Nutmeg  &  Pepper 

2  lbs.  French  Bread 

Cut  bread  into  1/2  -  3/4  inch  cubes.  Rub  serving  dish  with 
garlic,  and  add  bread  cubes. 
Mix  cornstarch  and  Kirschwasser  together. 
Heat  wine  until  it  starts  to  boil.  Then  add  the  grated  cheeses, 
stirring  constantly  until  the  cheese  has  melted.  Do  not  boil. 
Add  the  cornstarch  -  Kirschwasser  mixture  to  the  melted  cheese, 
stirring  until  it  is  a  creamy  consistency.  Add  nutmeg  and  pepper. 
Serve  at  once  in  a  fondue  pot. 


Switzerland  -  Swiss  Fondue  53 


Syria  -  Koosa 


6  small  zucchini  (or  3  large  cut  in  half) 
1/2  pound  ground  lamb  (or  beef) 
1/4  cup  uncooked  rice 
2  pressed  garlic  cloves 

1  minced  onion 

2  teaspoons  salt,  divided  into  two-one  teaspoon  portions 

1  8-oz.  can  tomato  sauce 

3  cups  water 

2  tablespoons  lemon  juice 

Wash  zucchinis  and  cut  green  caps  off. 
Core  each  zucchini  with  a  coring  knife,  scooping  out  insides. 
Save  the  insides  and  set  aside. 

Mix  lamb  (or  beef),  rice,  garlic,  onion  and  1  teaspoon  salt. 
Knead  well.  Stuff  each  zucchini  with  the  meat  mixture. 
If  you  have  more  meat  mixture  than  zucchini ,  make  meatballs  out 
of  the  remaining  stuffing.  In  the  bottom  of  a  5-quart  pot,  place 
the  insides  of  the  carved  zucchinis,  then  arrange  the  stuffed 
zucchini  on  top  of  them.  Add  remaining  salt,  tomato  sauce,  water 
and  lemon  juice.  Bring  to  a  boil  on  high  heat. 
Reduce  to  medium  heat  and  cook  for  20  minutes,  or  until  tender. 
Serve  with  rice  or  bread. 


Syria  -  Koosa  54 


Tunisia  -  Salata  Mechouia  Nablia 

1  pound  large  red  peppers 
1  fresh  red  chili 
2-4  garlic  cloves,  unpeeled 
3  well  flavored  tomatoes 
1  teaspoon  caraway  seeds 
2-3  tablespoons  olive  oil 
salt 

quarters  of  hard  boiled  eggs,  chunks  of  canned  tuna  fish  and 
black  olives  to  serve 

Preheat  the  broiler  and  place  the  peppers,  chili,  garlic  and 
tomatoes  in  a  broiler  pan  and  cook,  turning  occasionally  until  the 
skins  are  charred  and  blistered,  and  the  garlic  is  soft.  Leave  to 
cool  then  peel  the  vegetables.  Discard  the  cores  and  seeds  from 
the  peppers  and  chili,  and  the  seeds  from  the  tomatoes. 
Put  all  the  vegetables  into  a  blender  or  food  processor.  In  a 
frying  pan,  gently  heat  the  caraway  seeds  and  oil  until  fragrant. 
Add  to  the  blender  or  food  processor  with  the  salt  and  puree  to 
a  paste.  Chill  before  serving.  Serve  in  a  bowl  with  quarters  of 
hard  boiled  eggs,  chunks  of  tuna  fish  and  black  olives. 


Tunisia  -  Salata  Mechouia  Nablia  55 


Turkey  -  Eggplant  Imsakaa 

2  eggplants 

1  tablespoon  salt 

1/2  cup  vegetable  oil 

1  pound  lamb  (or  beef),  cut  into  1/2  inch  cubes 

1/2  teaspoon  salt 

1/4  teaspoon  black  ground  pepper 

1/2  teaspoon  Middle  Eastern  spice 

1  8-oz.  can  tomato  sauce 

2  cups  water 

2  medium  ripe  tomatoes,  sliced 

Slice  eggplants  lengthwise  into  1/2  inch  thick  slices. 
Sprinkle  1  tablespoon  salt  on  the  sliced  eggplant,  place  eggplant  in 
a  colander,  let  drain  for  one  hour  then  rinse  and  pat  dry. 
In  a  skillet,  heat  oil.  Fry  eggplant  in  hot  oil  on  each  side  until 
golden  brown.  Place  fried  slices  on  paper  towels  to  absorb  excess  oil. 
Discard  frying  oil.  In  the  same  frying  pan,  cook  lamb  (or  beef)  on 
medium  heat  until  all  broth  evaporates.  Add  salt,  pepper  and  spice, 
stir  for  about  1 0  minutes. 

In  a  9x13x2  inch,  or  similar  size  pan,  place  one  half  of  the  eggplant 
slices  on  the  bottom.  Place  the  meat  mixture  on  top  of  the  eggplants, 
then  place  the  rest  of  the  eggplant  slices  on  top  of  the  meat  mixture. 
Pour  the  tomato  sauce  and  water  on  top  of  the  layers,  then  place  the 
tomato  slices.  Bake  in  a  350F  oven  for  about  45  minutes  or  until  stew 
becomes  thick  and  bubbly.  Let  stand  for  about  10  minutes  before 
serving.  Serve  with  Pita  bread  and/or  rice. 


Turkey  -  Eggplant  Imsakaa  56 


United  States  -  Flag  Cake 

1  -  9X13  inch  white  cake 

2  pints  strawberries 
1  pint  bluberries 
Boiled  Icing 

Boiled  Icing: 

1  cup  white  sugar 
1/3  cup  water 

1  tablespoon  light  corn  syrup 
1/8  teaspoon  salt 

2  egg  whites 

1  teaspoon  vanilla  extract 

3  tablespoons  confectioners'  sugar 

Combine  sugar,  water,  corn  syrup,  and  salt  in  a  saucepan;  stir 
until  well  blended.  Boil  slowly  without  stirring  until  mixture 
will  spin  a  long  thread  when  a  little  is  dropped  from  a  spoon 
(hold  the  spoon  high  above  saucepan),  or  reaches  238F  -  242F. 
In  a  large  bowl,  beat  egg  whites  with  a  mixer  until  they  are 
stiff,  but  still  moist.  Pour  hot  syrup  slowly  over  egg  whites 
while  beating.  Continue  until  mixture  is  very  fluffy,  and  will 
hold  its  shape.  Add  vanilla,  and  beat  until  blended.  If  icing 
does  not  seem  stiff  enough,  beat  in  2  or  3  tablespoons  confectioners 
sugar  1  tablespoon  at  a  time  until  stiff  enough  to  hold  its  shape. 

De-stem  the  strawberries  and  cut  in  half.  Spread  boiled  icing 
on  cake.  In  the  top  left  hand  corner  of  the  iced  cake,  make  a 
four  inch  tall  by  five  inch  wide  rectangle  with  the  blueberries. 
Lightly  press  the  berries  into  the  icing.  Fill  in  the  rectangle 
with  remaining  blueberries  in  rows.  The  white  space  in  between 
will  resemble  stars. 

Place  strawberries  cut  side  down  in  rows  going  across  horizontally. 
The  bottom  stripe  is  red,  so  start  with  that  row.  Be  sure  to 
press  the  berries  lightly  into  the  frosting. 


United  States  -  Flag  Cake  57 


